Bari Hour 1


How did these pieces work together? And I think that macro view of the year is going slow to go fast. If we can take today, that kind of uncover what all of that looks like, the macro view will determine the micro view, which will make all the decisions we have to make together a lot easier. So that's who I am. That's what I do. And that's also what we're gonna be doing today. Like, that's gonna be our focus together today. as we put the event together. Okay. That's really great, Barry. Now, as a question, will we also come up, because the thing that most matters to us, is not discovering a why or any of that sort. It's really, because we know that, we've been around for 22 years. It's what is the formula? Like, this, what, like, what's working? How do we convert, how do we generate, generating leads where good, but it's ultimately creating the product and selling the product, where we where we are really falling short. And that's where we would really love the focus to be. Yeah, I think so. And I think if you already know the big light, it makes that PCC. don't have to uncover it. We just have to get it stated. So they're all aligned on that. And then I think simplarity on that right, the client, for this particular product, would be helpful. And knowing whether it crosses across some of the other products you're doing, or if it's really specific to this AI summit. Amazing. And I think it'll lead to some of the other things. She just mentioned. Do we want to start now that we're clear on that? Do we? Oh, where we're headed today? Like, that is my goal... day to figure out through mine, because, again, we'll make all the other decisions easier, and out base your call road map on how much we figure out today. Like, all custom design it based on what we know and don't know. Who is the best person to walk? Since I just got it, I haven't had a chance to look through it. Who's best to walk through the ecosystem out with you? I can run you the whole ecosystem. Um, in general, like, how do we run our summits and masters? So let me just... Maybe, maybe I can, I can use the figma that I've prepared, and then you can go so I can start to, and then you can jump in from there. Okay. So I just need to be able to share, let me make sure I have sharing ability. Uh, okay, I'm just sharing my figma 12nd. Okay, confirming you guys can see my figma. Yes, you can see your face mark. Okay. Sabari, so Mind Valley really just has 2 divisions, and one division is Mind Valley membership. And mind Valley membership is a 100 programs in one app. And So I'm just bringing up the webpage, so you have a visual idea of it. So this has been a fairly successful product. Right now it's spacing some difficulty because creating the Netflix of online courses is not the smartest area to be in when online cost consumption is going down because of AI. So rather than just providing a mega library, what we're doing right now is we are switching up the program. And what we are switching it up to is we are switching it up to a university division, which is called Mind Valley Academy. So this is Mind Valley Academy. This is what you're seeing right now. And Mind Valley Academy has, um, Chadif, that's really weird. The pictures here are not loading. Could you let a web designer know? Oh, here it is. Okay. I loaded this. Yeah, so what Mind Daddy Academy does is Mind Valley Academy does the live summits, and from the last summit, life summits, we drive people to Mastree degrees. So this is mindvalley.com forward slash mastery. The differences both have great authors, but here on the academy, the authors come and teach live, and it's deep immersion. Mind Valley membership is 2 to 300 bucks. Academy is is 3 to $6000. And everyone comes, they teach life, and um, we also do, we also do 2 big events around the world. But these are the main programs that we have. So under master your enterprise, we have entrepreneurship, AIN wealth, under master yourself, we have manifesting longevity, spiritual, undermaster your influence. We have social media speaking, learning. All of them are 5 months. All of them are, just for simplicity, let's just say 5 months, 5 grand. So now what we do is, as we build up our membership, as people come in through webinars or they come in through VSLs, they get in an email group. And I email list is right now 2.5 million. It's not segmented, but from this 2500000 every month, we do a summit. And from the summit we sell a mastery. So the ecosystem is in a nutshell, that's what it looks like. It's fairly straightforward. This diagram, and you find the right diagram. Okay, so, so it's basically just the interplay of, um, our course library, which is very affordable, very cheap, and then our academy. Any questions on this? The course vibrates. So the membership is 200 to 300 and how many people have bought the membership since you started it? Over a million. Right? Yeah. So right now, we have an actively 350,000 members. But we're doing something very different. So, basically, what happened is that we had them, we were only sending the membership. Then what we stumbled onto is the $5,000 coaching program, because we actually were not selling high ticket. So we started launching high ticket, it started doing really well. So now our members can go deeper into a topic that they actually cared about, right? Um, so did really well, and then we realized that the jump was full high, 299, or 399, jumping to five, a 1000 was a massive jump. So we needed something in between. So we literally just tested a concept of call accelerator, which is, um, it's debatable right now, but the perfect simulator is just AI, and it's a 5 day program, we'll process every single day, and it gives you one single outcome, and it's $1000. So let me let me show this to Bari, Sabari understands. So, Bari, what what happened is as Marisha said, the jump from 300 to 5000 was way too big. So we were getting, um, so Mind Valley app has so much content for entrepreneurs, so much content for founders. So for example, how we stumbled upon AI mastery is we held a 3 day AI summit. Incredible speakers. I believe it was like 4 hours a day. And we had a live studio audience in Estonia, 200 people, and then we had a virtual audience. The virtual audience was 100,000 people who signed up, from our 2500000 less than some coal traffic as well. And then, from there, we sold about 7000000 of the $5000 program. But it was still a pretty big jump because you're going from 300 to 5 grand. So what we decided to do is create a structure. So last quarter, Q4, we started experimenting with a new structure. Marisha, could you bring me the Soul page, please? Soul category. Okay, so we decided to make to do 2 changes. The 1st change, Bari, is that rather than make mine valley membership, 100 programs, we decided to segment it into 4 different categories. You have programs for entrepreneurs, programs for longevity, programs for mindset and manifesting, and then programs for speakers and authors. So each cluster is maybe about 20 to 25 programs. So Marisha is going to share the new page, and we tested out the new page where, and it was really interesting. We gave less, not more, but sales went up 30%. Because it was targeted. You were getting a, you were not getting 100 programs and everything. You were getting just manifesting. Russia, do you have that page ready? Is it in the chat? What is the page? Would you read it out to me so I can type it in? I just based it in the track. It's mindbelly.com slash ultramide and slash offer slash manifesting. Oh, God, why do we make them so complex? Okay, can we just please, Marisha? I need your team to start thinking SEO. Can we just Mindvalue.com forward slash soul? You know, easy, so easy. This is part of the Silva final. So this is like, it's it's a one... Okay, so what you're seeing, what you're seeing is a page from a single BSL for our most popular product, which is silver ultramine. Okay, so we talk about the product, the product, the product, but then we don't sell them, a 100 a subscription to 100 courses. They can buy the program individually for 399 or they can get just the manifesting collection. And the manifesting collection, Oh man, where is that? It is not showing. Okay, you can see we are still working this out. We literally launched this last week. Mauritia, why do we do this? There's no soul page. The manifesting collection is missing. This is not the page. Maybe it's silver. No. Okay, so they are just buying 20 programs. Misha, could you get the proper page from Rafi? I know it's up because I drove traffic to it. All right, now from the 20 programs, what we're doing, Bari. So people are coming in. Sorry, Bishop. When you say 20 programs, are you saying that Silva Ultramind is 20 program? No, Silver Ultramine is one program. That's the key, the keystone program. The BSL focuses on, but then we say, you can get this individual program for 399 a year or for 299, get a subscription, and you get 20 additional manifesting programs, all from leading class teachers. Got it. Okay. So, um, how is that conversion? 30% higher. 30% higher. Because now we are... 30% higher getting into the membership, I mean. Like, how many people take the membership offer versus the 399? So if we if we compare, buy Silva and get 100 courses or buy Silva and get 20 courses, if we go with 20 courses, 30% bump, we're giving 80, we're giving 80% less. Revenue is 30% higher. Because it's straightforward. It's manifesting. We're just focused on manifesting. Okay. So this is where we were trying to be Netflix. Now we're not trying to sell all of Netflix. We are just selling the action adventure category or the comedy category. Makes sense? It does. Okay, so what we're seeing is 30% higher. So this is how the final flows. We get we run 3 minute ads, search ads, quizzes. They come to a page where they can see the entire soul collection and they buy. We also run masterclasses, um, that drive here. And again, as you can see, they can download a free e-book, but ultimately what we want them to do is to buy silver or buy the sole connection. Now, when they do that, now what we do is they go in an email funnel, and, um, now, there are 2 things that happen. In the 1st 30 days, we upsell the recordings of our summit. And we also upsell a other product, which is a goal setting product called Lifebook. So summit recordings or live book. We upsell that in the 1st 30 days. But then in the 1st 3 months, what we do is we give them an accelerator program. So the accelerator is a 1000 or 2000. It's weekend or or 2 hour, it's either 12 hours over a weekend or it's 2 hours per day over one week. And it's a 1000 to 2000. And then from there, 6 months later, we might have a summit and we typically have 2 summits per category. So for manifesting, we have a spiritual summit, selling spiritual mastery. We have a manifesting summit, selling manifesting mastery. These summits happen once a year. So manifesting happens in May, spiritual happens 6 months later. So if you sign up in JAM, the 1st offer you will get is manifesting. Six months later you'll get spiritual summit. And many students will take boat mastery programs. So that's how the system works. Can I explain something regarding audiences? Because you mentioned audiences very, right? So when we when we discovered the $5000 or mastery model, it worked really well. So we did really well with AI, but also AI was very niche. No one was actually teaching AI and we were one of the 1st few people that were like, we're going to teach you this whole thing, that we're just overwhelmed and people trust us. So they jumped in and we made AIs simple, so anyone could understand it. Made a lot of money, and then we started, the whole last Street division, we launched other masters. Then we realized there was a massive gap between the 399 offer and then the $5000 offer. And then we also realized that people that were buying the masters, actually, we would have, like, 200,000 people sign up for our free events. But the people actually buying the mastery, 70% of the sales came from members. So, we realized that we needed to build a member audience and build an interest in the mastery if we wanted people to buy the master. So, to increase conversion rates, it wasn't just about getting anyone to the summit. was by getting the right audience, which is a member that was interested in that topic. So what we did, we started looking at the membership, and we started to say, okay, look, we've right now given everyone a bundle of courses, but let's strip it apart, let's give them, um, a, uh, uh, uh, like a niche membership. So there was one on manifesting. There's one on entrepreneurship in AI. So now we're acquiring people within that niche. And then we are moving them up along this pathway. So, basically, they would come in, maybe interested in manifesting. And then if they're interested in manifesting, we would recommend the courses they need to do for manifesting. We would warm them up to the teachers and experts in manifesting. Then we would sell them a manifesting accelerator, ideally, because we don't have it now, but we will add a manifesting manifesting accelerator, which is a $1000 program, and then eventually sell them the $5000 program. So that's kind of like how the journey looks like. And what we're finding as well is even with a $1000 program right now, it's not necessary, the members buying it. They're actually people that don't own any mine that is product buying it. So, now we're just being able to convert people to $1000 because it's not such a speed drop and it's a lot of value. But the ultimate goal is, how do we get, not just members to buy the $5000 program, but how do we get cold people that come to our summit that might not have bought anything with mind value to buy our $5000 program? Um, So that's basically how it works? If you have any questions now, I can address those questions before. I just want to my whole thing, Marissa, on that, right? We've launched AI Mastery 3 times as of now. The first time was 2023, and the last time being 2025, right? And we played around with the pricing. The 1st time when we launched it, it was 7999, almost $8000. Second time we launched it at $4000 and the last time we launched it was a $6000. But in each of the criteria, the piece for C was that Eastern, we got a 1000 plus people. Like, in those different pricing, the number of students per enrolling was quite similar in place. Means in that range, we did not have a price issue in place. Because in February 4, we did use the price, but with the same number of students, we saw half the venue that came in because we dropped the price by 50%. And as soon as we increased the price to 599, 66660000 dollars, we hit the same number of students just now that the venue was again on a higher end per. So in that range, we have not really seen, I mean, what even Malaysia was saying, now we launch a $1000 product on an accelerator. Right now, we are still in the sales seat for in Socrates, and we have around about 600 students who bought it. And it continue for the next 4 5 days. Just want to give some context. How many how many students did we get for accelerated JD? Right now we are at approximately on 5 of 120. Okay, so that's 500 then. Okay, so this was a $1000 AI accelerator. So, yeah, so, so, so, Bari, this was the 1st time we did a $1000 program. So we did it with a 90 minute webinar on AI. We had 7000 people live on the webinar, and we sold 550 of them into a $1000 program. So I don't know if that's good or bad, but that's something that we would, it was our 1st time doing it and that's something we would love to get you advice on. So that's what Marisha meant. Sorry, how many were on the webinar? JD, do you have the numbers? Well, we have a roundabout. Last last year, we had around about 30,000. No, no, no, JD. The the one the no, not last year, the one that we just did for the accelerator, 7000, 7000 were live. We sold, we did 550, 550,000 in revenue. over a $1000 product. How many members? The what? When did you make the offer? In the 90 minutes, when did you drop off? Uh, we dropped the offer... Yeah, after about one hour. On a bend, and then we started with the sales in place. You look at the drop off on that? Um, so as soon as we start the sales beach, we always be around about a 10 to 15% drop. Initially, when the content stops, right? So a lot of people also come for free content in the summer because the content is so good and enriched that people come for content and as soon as they see sales, they just drop off. At that moment. We see, like, I remember we have 7 in the half game by the time we started the pitch, and it dropped to around about 6.66.7. Yeah, I think what's interesting, I mean, 500s here, like, around 6% conversion. I mean, right away, what are the things I want to test on that? I mean, first of all, to sell $1,000 product in a 90 minute webinar, is that easy to do, so heads off for that. But I think right now, the, I've been thinking, is you have to drop the upper be completely done within 60 minutes. So that drop off at 60 minutes may be in part because you're making an offer. I have a feeling it's also because attention spans are, like, in little sound bites now, like, what used to be 90 minute webinars is now 60. Oh, really? Wow. It'd be worth testing that. And then what you can do after that, like, at the beginning, say, Hey, I've been talking fast. A lot of content in here. So, you know, be fully focused, turn off any distraction, stay till the end, 'cause I have a bonus I'm gonna be giving you. You need a hook down. That a good point. And I promise you, we'll be done in an hour. Do I have an agreement? We are gonna spend one hour together. I'm gonna give you amazing content. You gonna give me your full focus, and I'm gonna give you a bonus as a reward for staying until the end. I love that idea. Bobby, can I ask a question on that one? So, just a question on that one. I was studying Jason Flatline's book and he mentioned how when he's doing this, you know, Flatline, right, Jason? Yeah, so he was mentioning when he does this, he always ensures that it's step by step and the student can follow. And I believe what he says is you got to give the students some results. So we were teaching the student how to create ChatGPT projects. And so we have to go a little bit slow. Isn't it true that if I go really fast and I lose the student, they're not gonna feel that they want to go further? Or is it the opposite? Is it that if I'm going really fast and I lose them, they go, oh, I probably am going to need the course. I don't know what is the right insight. Yeah, I think it's yes to both, but let's talk about what that means. is that I like for it to be really fast paced, but the common outcome has to be simple. So what I find a lot, webinars, is we're trying to teach too much in a short amount. of time. Instead of taking, like, a simple concept and going deep but fast. So we don't want to lose them, like, this is overwhelming, because then it's like, well, I don't think I can do this. If you think of buyer psychology, the buyer psychology for free is like you can do that. I didn't know you could do that. So you hear the webinar hook and you're like, oh, vision's gonna teach me that. I didn't know you could do that. Interesting. I'm gonna sign up for this wipe yard. Then they come to the weaponar, and they hear this simple method, and they're like, well, wait a minute. that even I could do that. I think I could do that. Like, that's interesting. Then you make the offer. well, I will do that. That's insane not to do that because I need to learn this. I need to go deeper. And so we're kind of taking them along that trajectory. And I find with webinars, people try to teach way too much in that short amount of time, versus, like, a little bit of story, some really good hopes, getting in a sense of accomplishment, but only giving them this much of a plan that is this big. Got it. Got it. Got it, got it. Yeah, that aligns a lot with what I learned from Alex Nadosian. You're right. You're right. Yeah, we tried to crap. I thought 90 minutes. I wanted it to be a bait and rich. Like, it can't feel like you're just enough to be dangerous. It's more like, I, this vast method, I'm gonna focus on this one piece of it that's super important. And then if you want to get the rest of it, of course, you know, I love this lime, whether it's a one hour or a one day or a free day, I use this. There's only so much I can do in an hour, so I created this. There's only summer I could do in three days, so I created this. Yeah. Like, logically, this makes sense. And then generally for that extra 15 to 30 minutes, we would do questions after that. So I probably should be done in an hour, we're done. I want to give you that quick bonus, I promise, too. Uh... Typically, it's me. Oh, right, right. Mm. I see, yeah, so what we're not doing, what we're not doing, which we need to correct, and I'm just going to mention our AI's name, so AI is going to prepare notes. So Eliza, a couple of things is let's try to make the webinars 60 minutes, and then Eliza also, what we want to do is towards the end, the big insight I got from Bari is that I'm taking questions, which I've already sourced, but I'm tying every question back to the product, and that's something we've not been doing so far. Wow. Where, no matter what offer he hears before it's done, his credit card's out, he's all in. He doesn't need to ask a lot of questions. Like, sounds good, love it. Here's my card. Why do you think that happened? By the way, women give skiological. So if you have a lot of women in your audience, you may even skew higher than 70%. Women tend to be way more logical when they're buying decisions. And even if I know I'm going to buy it, I will ask questions. It is part of my buying process, how I'm processing what I want to do, is to ask questions and get answers. And so, you know, I think male audiences tend to have more emotional buyers. They tend to be more, you know, hunter gatherer, like men are a little bit more. I hate to be gender specific, but it's really true. I've been studying this for a long time, are a little bit more, love it, shoot it, kill it, bring it home, let's go, and women are gatherers. They're out there kind of gathering the information and figuring out what they're gonna do. So you just kind of have to think about how buyers think. The reason a three day works so well is day one is content connection in community. There's no selling. Day two, we do more content, connection community. There's actually building attention. So, like, this is so much information. I so love it, but I need help. That's where the offer comes in. We thought you would. We've got the natural next step planned for you here. It is. Emotional buyers are gonna be like, great, where's my credit card? Logical buyers would be like, great, can I ask you some questions? A three day event allows us to ask questions that night and then the next morning re-pitch it to the logical buyers. and get their buy in and close it out over the course of that third day. So, a webinar, if you were to aquarium feed it down, is sort of the same, right? We're gonna have a content connection community, and the first 15 minutes, we're gonna build pain solution invitation in the next 15th. We're gonna get to decision commitment in the last 15, and then we're gonna repitch in the last 30 to the lodge providers with the Q and A. Does that make sense? Just kind of taking what we would do in a three day and just consolidating it. What? They're all speaking. Oh, cool. I'll go do you. Oh, one of the interesting things is that, like, 60 per percent of the people that buy are mostly, AI mashy, included, are generally women, which is higher in number. And this is interesting thing to going on the logical side more because it caters to that audience as well. And 2nd thing is, like, one of the things, again, in our 3 days, some ways, our formula is also very similar. Like, we do, even, we focus on content. Day two, previously we used to do at the end of the day. Now you try to move it in the middle of the day, we start bringing in the same space. Same on these three, and we finished the CLC fish on an FAQ, but again, I think it's a bit of a gap or an improvement that we can see how to cater to those epic use. But then at the end of the summit, it gives more opportunity or at the start of the day, for our host to also talk about the product. So this is what our current module is working on structurally. I think you're doing all, just from a little bit of her, from you now, and in the previous calls I had with your team, is I think you're doing the right things, but in slightly wrong order. And I think you're making the offer too early and continuing to close down too late, which is probably making your event go way more salesy than it needs to be. And by compressing the buying time frame, we actually get a little better results and less complaints about two Celsius. Interesting, one thing also, I would love to take your opinion, is, like, very quick, wise, like, day to day three. This is somewhere where you've struggled in terms of, like, how much do we pitch in day two, and how much in day three? Like, generally we allocate like 30 minutes on day two, whereas we put 45 minutes to an hour on day three, because the main pitch in every summit happens on day three. So, yeah, something that good bisification is something that we need to attain. Yeah, I really, I made a note, before we end today, we'll go through the PhD model, the flow of fact that. But there really is a cadence in a rhythm to a 3 day for an enrollment event, a conversion event. And... Day three, the actual pitching is a 15 minute, not even. It's really a, let me take, 555. Total of 15 minutes, call the actions that are strategically placed in that day. But the rest of the re pitch should never, ever feel like you're pitching. Like, if it's designed properly, you're gonna be repitching all day, and it's not gonna feel like that. But if you are, like, let me get my offer deck back out and walk you back through the details again, it feels really pitchy, and you're waiting too late in the game to put that many details in front of them. So I want to look at just the cadence of the three day, and how that can work, and really seamless way. So, guys, one thing that we can discuss tonight, our discovery calls, was one that we should make every summit longer. So we are even talking, we were talking with her about potential, even looking at making money fasting a three day event, even if it means starting on Thursday. Um, because of his logic that she just talked about earlier too. And, uh, Barry, the other thing I wanted to ask you, because the past majority of our buyers are wean, I wanted to guide your opinion, do you feel that there is a way of talking to them that appeals more? So I hear the difference between emotional and logical bias. That makes a lot of sense. Something that I've been exploring here. The UK is weaving generally, they kind of resonate more to an emotional language. So they want to hear, I feel you, I feel you, I know exactly how that feels like. So I just wanted to make a distinction, because while they are logical in the sense of, as you said, like the gathering information, the language that gets through to them is not a logical. Correct. It is an emotion. 100%. 100%. Yes. So a logical buyer most needs to get out of their head and into their heart. What's actually holding them back in life is they are so logical that they approach everything so logically that they tend to spin and spin and procrastinate, and their decision making, and their re pitched on debris, is designed to get them over that hump by answering their questions and pulling them into their heart with a heart closed story. So, Barry? Like... To make sure I understand this, day one, building community shouldn't be like no sales pitch. Day 2 is when I do the main sales pitch and day 3 is when I do the Q and A for the logical buyer. Yes, and it's a scripted Q and A. Okay. So we actually, this is so formulaic that for your offer session, the session emptied your offer, and the morning of day three, we literally have a step step by step framework that is... C. All the beats, you need to hit, essentially. Yeah, so that's a big insight. So can I share what I think we were doing wrong? In day two, the final 30 minutes of day two, day two, we would do a super rapid sales pitch, 30 minutes. And then on day 3, we would do a one hour sales pitch. But it was essentially the same sales pitches day too. We just went a lot deeper in the program. That's what we were doing on day three. And the problem with that is by doing the way deeper sales pitch on day 3, is your logical buyer doesn't have enough time to ask the logical questions. Got it. So you're saying the detail sales fit should be on day two, day three, sorry, or the main sales pitches on day two, day 3 is answering the biggest questions. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. For example, um, I might have a, one of the, um, we would, on day three, say my team tells me you have some questions, and in my, my opinion, a 100 of you do, a 1000 of you do, so it's okay with you. I'm just gonna take a few minutes and grab them, and then we're driving into the hot content. Like, that's a critical piece, so they're not like, Ugh, they're gonna be pitching me all day. And then we go through the top questions, it allows to repitch the program. So, let's just say, for example, in my own offer, like, a lot of you ask about our mastery days, and how they work, and what we go over. I just spend a minute on that. So, they typically start at 11, and we go until 5, and we're going deep on the top of it, that supports that 30 day through line. Remember yesterday, they talked about the 30 day free line? Well, the 1st 30 days of where you're gonna get your through line knocked out, but then you're gonna want to go deeper on each of those topics, master days are to give us the time to go deeper together. So topics I might cover are, da da da da. And while we're doing that, you're actually gonna roll up your sleeves and do the work. Part of the Master A formula isn't just that I'm talking at you. Instead of talking with you and we're doing it together. So you leave with a to done list, not a to-do list. Who follows? Does this make sense about master days? Okay, great. So the next question you had, so what I've done there is repitched two of my deliverables by answering one question, rather than say, Let me get out my pitch deck and go through all the things I told you yesterday, but in more detail. Does it make sense? I understand, but one of the things that I also feel like our audience, some people only come on date speed. They have not been. That's different problem. I mean, in all seriousness, that's a problem. Yeah, so that's why, like, we do a full-fledged pitch on DC as well. because a lot of people might see it for the 1st time not see it on day two. So we have a kind of a regression from day one to day 2 to day three. Um, when a certain audience declines, but there's always a new audience that joins in. Why is that? And the party, by the way, our highest attendance is always on day one and then it declines, we get a little bit less on day 2 and a little bit less on day three. Even though the speaker is faction with the content is always tenored. So we've seen this strand across masters, and it was one of the reasons why we played with a two-day model, with a 1st sales speech in day one, because we wanted to get the attendance, the highest dependency they won. So that's a common problem. I wanted the racing. Yeah go ahead. So I was just going to say, just to add some context to that, it could be the audience that we have. For example, I um, most of our audience are over 40. It's primarily women over 40. Our audience is 65 to 70% women. It's mostly so the top 4 job titles for our audience are entrepreneur, CEO, startup founder, coach. Okay? It's 55% American, 65 to 70% woman, and they are in the highest earning demographic group in the US. Now, What is that? Um, so, so, so, so I know they are 3 times more likely to have a graduate degree, but, you know, Facebook used to compartmentalize the American audience into 20 groups. We were in the group that was highest educated and the group that was most wealthy. That was our audience. Now, now, what I know about, what I know about that audience, so I'm 50, I know I never attend things on the weekend because weekend is my clear time for kids. And most of our, most of our audience have kids, teenagers, teenage kids, families. And I wonder if the reason there's a drop off after Friday is because Fridays when they are working, Saturday and Sunday is family time. So I wonder if that could be it. So this is why we want to go super deep on your right foot client. Super deep. on who they are, but, and when I think of right fit clients, a lot of people will tell me what you just told me. There's a great demographics. What I also want to know are the psychographics and the value graphics. So undervalue graphics would be teenage children, value time at home, really must be home on the weekends, support into them. Won't compromise, or I have another client who they have a super religious demographic. Sundays are a blood bath. They're not gonna come on a Sunday morning. They're at church. Like, they're not going to skip church to come to a 3 day event, no matter how good your content is. So, or, you know, I have another client who is a orthopedist, and, um, he has people at the end of the year, like December, is where all the people are using the last money that they have. Like, they need to use that in their healthcare plans. And so, if you try to do an event for an orthopedist, like an orthopedic surgeon in November, December, it's like, forget it, you're not gonna get anybody, because they are trading hours for dollars. It's their busiest time of year. If you go in January, it's crickets and are gonna come, right? So, like, knowing the nuances, and who your people are, and how they work, will make a big difference. in determining when you put your events. To go back to your two day event, the problem that I see a lot is like, oh, they're not staying, so let's compress time. And here's what I know. If you're delivering great value, they'll come and they'll stay. And so we really need to look at the through line of your event. And I think one thing you might be doing from the little bit I heard from you on our last calls is what I think I was a buffet event. And a buffet event is, like, lots of great topics, lots of great speakers. But because it's not rooted methodology, it feels like a buffet where they can kind of pick and choose what they want. Oh, yeah. It's like, oh, I hate I miss that speaker. So, a buffet event, like, final hacking live, I'll give you this, this example, because Russell has talked about this first stage. They were losing money on phone hacking life. They brought us in, we introduced throughline, and removing buffet, and introducing method, and we went for losing money to doing 15 million in a weekend. And the difference was how we attracted the audience, who we attracted, and the through line implemented into the event. So think about it this way. If I had a buffet and it's like, oh, man, and this, I didn't know Gary Gander Chuck was speaking. Man, I bummed I missed that. Who's next? Versus, I'm teaching a method, and it's like, oh, no, I missed up free? Well, now I'm not gonna know what to do. I can't believe I missed step three. How do I get step free? I need that. I need that in order to be able to do this. I see. You're teaching me to do. So that is so interesting. Can I ask a question on that one? So 2 questions. The 1st question is, JD, could you bring up one of our, could you, could you copy the link of one of our landing pages? Actually, let me see if I can find it. So Barry, I wanted to ask you if this is correct. So I'm just gonna bring up Mind Valley Summit AI. I'm opening here, I wish I'm sending it on the track. Okay, could you just share that page, JDep, and show Barry the um, the agenda? Because we... Okay, so Jadeep is going to show you, but we actually give a agenda. So not only do we not have a true line, but we give a full agenda of what people are going to be learning, almost like a proper seminar, and you're saying don't do that. That's okay. Never. Okay. JD, would you mind sharing the page, please? Um, my Zoom has a bit of a shirt here. You have to share the new age? No, no, no, that's no, I need to. I'll share that. I'll share. Okay. Do you see this, Barry? So this is our AI page. So you're saying this is probably stupid of us. Yes. Ah, okay. Okay, okay. See, I'm so glad I'm talking to you because we thought this was honoring the customer. This was like giving them the ability. Yeah. That's the thing on that. A customer is always, just to prepare you and your customer care team, that they're always gonna come at you asking for this. And here's the question behind the question. Can I have the schedule so I can decide what to skip? Mmm. Like, that's really... You never gonna say that, but that's essentially, when they're insisting on having a schedule, why did you need that? Why do you need a detailed schedule of the day? How about you, trust me? I been doing this for a really long time. and we've served X thousands of clients, and trust that I have put this together in a rhythm that will best serve you, and trust that I have reserved the right to make my modifications to this program, as I get to know you, you, and deliver this service to you. So I'm not gonna give you all the details, but I will tell you this. These are the speakers who will be there this week. These are the topics that will be covering at this event. We started 11, we ended 8, to miss a little, is to miss a lot, because it's accumulation effect. Every session builds on the one before it. So to miss a little, is to miss a lot. Like, I've now convinced them that they need to be there, and given them valuable justification who the speakers are, with the topic stars, and go, I need that. I want that. I wanna learn from them. I like that person. I've never heard of them. What do they do? But to do this is the way to give them permission to decide. And see, like, Barry, this is exactly what we were discussing last time that I met you ambitioned for you as well. You know, this is because we don't sell a methodology with Saudi authors. And essentially, we give permission to the others to talk pretty much about whatever they want. And that's... it's... disconnect, we cannot claim the compound effect that you're talking about, but there is no problem. Right? And that is a problem. I mean, don't care about me as a kid. We believe it's why you're having the problem you are with the tendants. The minute I heard more show up for day three, it's like, hey, I'm really busy, can't make this day, but I'll pop in for day three. That looks awesome. So we don't want that. And, you know, I think one of the questions I have is, do you have a method? And if not, part of the big Y scenario that we do is to create the method. People buy frameworks, they buy methods. So if you think of buyer ascension psychology, you could do that. Wait a minute, there's a formula in a framework I could follow. Well, maybe I could do that, and they come to the event, they hear the framework, like, That's so great. I will do that. I see. Then the transference happen. I just need help doing that. Where can I get help doing this framework? Oh, you do that? Well, I'd be crazy not to do that with you then. So we're convincing them, like, in my world, I'm going to use me as an example. I 1st had to convince them that they need a high ticket offer, and they convinced them that a virtual bad event is the fastest way to do that. What? I could have a high ticket offer and stop trading hours per dollars. Tell me more. Well, I'd love to tell you more at my weapon or where I'm gonna explain what to do, and the best vehicle for doing it. Great. They come to my weapon or, I convince them of that. I said, listen, now that you've heard this, if you want to really learn the framework, join me at my event. They come to the event, I walk them through the framework, and on day 2 at the right time, it was just the afternoon of day two. Say, how many of you are loving this content? I wish you could just have help implementing it. Well, there's only so much I could teach in 3 days, but my live event program, my live event accelerator program, actually will help you master this framework. I see. So the idea is they believe there's a framework, they want to hear more about it. They decide they can do it. They want help doing it. They use you to help them do it. And I want to talk as part of that. You use the word mastery a lot, and I reserve mastery for, like, the highest of high ticket offers, because, well, we'll come back to that. Sorry, one question. So, first of all, we mentioned this last time as well. We do not have a match. currently. So we would have to. Yeah, I think work together to create that and have the summit in or is that. Um, so the involvement, the value of language mirror in that. Now, the other question is, in just one second, just one second. I want to capture this before we move on, okay? So when you said we do not have a method, what you're talking about, to make sure that I understand, is the flow of the event. So, for example, for manifesting summit, which I'm showing right now, when you say method, are you talking about a mastery method or the summit method? I really, that's where through mine comes in. They're the same. Okay, so it's a true line. I'm wondering what E was referring to. I need to capture that. Well, so what I call a method is we've always taken people from point A to point B by doing this 5 step. And when you follow these 5 steps, you're always going to get the same result. This is where I call a method. Yeah. Okay, so what you're saying is our summits, our summits are like speaker galore, but there's no method. Got it. Got it. Okay, that's what you're saying. Let me give you an example, though. Like, with the summit that I do with Dean and Tony, we have guest speakers. But they are speaking to our method. So let's say, for example, that one stepped in there, AI method, is that you need to learn how to build a claim. So I'm going to bring in an expert on building clones. So I've got an outside expert now to keep it interesting. But I'm gonna prep that speaker specifically what I want them to talk about, and I'm gonna intro and outro around that speaker to set up the tone of this concept of what they need. So that at the end, or when I make my offer. I say, And by the way, together, we're gonna build a clone. And how many of you love Jane Doe? They spoke on cleanse. She's actually gonna be teaching inside this program. So what we've done with throughline there, we would have marketed Jane Doe talking about clones. Then we would have told them that clones are a critical part of the method, and here's the best clone expert to teach it. She would teach it in alignment with our free line. And then when I got to the offer, I would say, How many of you love Jane Doe? She's gonna do this. So that's what I mean by messaging lines up with content lines up with offer. I see. If you left the messaging, you went in your J.O. and closed. And then you heard her teach it, and it blew your mind when she taught it, and it just made you think, to you, dough, that's amazing. I want more. And then your offer comes behind her and says, how many of you loved her and would love more? She teaches inside the program. Now, I don't think I have to go by Jane Doe's program. I get J Doe inside your program, which makes your program more valuable. Okay, so, so, just, sorry, guys, I'm just stopping the transcript recording.