Bari Hour 2

Uh, Ini, you had a question? Yes. Yes. So, prior to deliver them, a method inside was on. What are some of the astonishments for that? How much do we need to have, is one single speaker bringing together the agenda for 60% of the time versus, or need, let's say, 40% of guest teachers. So, because the fragmentation that we're seeing right now, as I was talking to it last time, we're probably inviting too many speakers. We have like 12 people on a summit. It feels like a lot. And Barry? You have to be really into that you need them. And Bari, people bringing in celebrity speakers, as you can see, in this summit, we had, we paid a quarter 1000000 to have Gwinnett Paltrow there, so we could get subscribers. Do you think, but again, this is because we were going, we were following a seminar model, and in 7 hours typically, you know, you have celebrities like Branson, et cetera. Do you think this is necessary in the future? I don't think it is, although I want to look at specifically the role they're playing, but typically in our three day program at a glance, we have very specific celebrity keynote moments. And I think it's important, like, here's another potential problem of the celebrity backfiring. is that the thing I'm most marketing is Gwyneth Palpro, for example. And I know there's more than just Gwyneth here, but let's say that we really think she's the linchpin. Our women love her. They're super excited. They sign up for the subvertible summit, and then they're like, when's when, when's when? And you told them. And they're like, they're all there. And then they're like, that was amazing. Thank you. And then they leave. So, did they come for you and your method, or did they come for Gwyneth and hearing what she's doing? So we need to make sure we're clear on how we're more marketing this and messaging this. And this is where it can follow apart. Like, you're messaging, who can speak? Who can speak? Let's put together, great hair shot. Let's get marketing together. copy's gonna write some great hopes. copy's gonna do some great marketing, and we start selling tickets, and we call it a win. We don't even know if we're attracting our right foot client. We know we attracted someone who loves Buena, but do we know that we attracted somebody who wants to learn the method that you're teaching, 'cause that's what you're selling. Yeah. Barry, that is exactly where we're at, right? No. Well, the good news is we're not even in that. Yeah, that's what Alex says. Like, we're selling the author and we've seen these not all in our showmates. We seen these in our in-person flagship events as well, particularly the big ones people tend to come because Stephen Bartlett is there because Jay Shot is there. And that can be an opportunity to introduce them to the method, but we don't have the method. Yeah, and I mean, really, what we want them to do is come because vision's there. I mean even in this hero shot, he ought to be bigger than everybody else. Like, why is he not a sinner? And why is he the same size? Well, one of the things I mean, that's a very valid point, right? Like, when we even did the webinar about AI accelerator, and we only promoted to, to, in for a week. We had 7.5 K at 10 weeks in place. This was a week promotion, right? When we do a summit, like, let's take examples of social media, that we have 110 to 120 K distance. But at the highest point we had 10 K students. Yeah, that's well, for that matter, yeah. And some of it may be how you're selling it. I mean, there was something that you said earlier. I've been making notes since you're talking, and I have a number of things to circle back around to. But one of the things that you said was it was a big leap from 300 to 5,000. Back to tell you, for my own event and for most of my clients, they make the leap from a $97 ticket to a 15k product. I don't have anything in between. So one of the things I want to think about is the tidying up your campus is, are you creating things unnecessarily in trying to fill a gap in the wrong place? And so, like, it's a form follows functioning conversation as far as, like, how are we attracting them? What are we promising? How are they coming onto our campus? I think the problem might be, not that it goes from 300 to 5,000, but that you don't have good through line and a good methodology that's making them want the thing. So you're getting lower conversions. So now you're trying to backfill by creating something new that, you know, I'm actually not sure you need. I mean, I know you just created it. Um, and I'm sure there's a way to look it in, but I want to analyze that. So you don't think? Because another thing I think, yeah. Sorry, Bari, so you don't think we need to have a $1,000 to $2,000 product to then get people into a $5,000 product. I don't think you do, but that's very surface level conversation. I love to go deeper on exactly what happens in the 300 and in the 1000 and in the 5000. Because, again, that is part of through line. That is, like, part of what is happening is people ascend through finding you pulled, to warming them up, to having their first interaction with you, to having their first purchase with you, to then accelerating to a bigger purchase. I mean, one thing to know about today's audiences is that they are so overwhelmed, and I don't care who it is. It doesn't matter who your demographic is. The consistent thing is I am completely and totally overwhelmed. This is at a fever pitch. I mean, if you think of what's happened since 2020, from COVID, government unrest, economic dysras, unrest, unrest, not trusting the media, AI disruption, I mean, what we have asked the world to consume and to be okay with, and such a short amount of time, is pretty unheard of on the planet. And I think people just feel completely overwhelmed. So we say things, like, incentifying this thing, get everything. It's another thing I want to circle back around to, because, yes, it gave us an uptick, but I'm wondering, for the long game, does it put that customer in overwhelm, or do they start thinking, yeah, I bought that thing? I never used any of it. It was just too much. Like, did we create and nurture a buyer who then wants the next thing, or did we just get a pop on the front end? 'Cause we made them a really good offer. So what I'll hear a lot at back of rooms, or even virtual lobbies, is it sounds amazing, but I just don't have time to do all that, and they feel guilty. Think of shame and self doubt. I feel guilty 'cause it's one more thing I'm gonna buy that I'm not gonna consume. And I promised myself I couldn't do that. again. And, Barry, to your point, I think, we, so have, recently, um, sorry, we have an issue currently, we agree on rates, uh, in some programs that particularly high. So I think to your point right now, that's also one of the main reasons why we haven't managed, I think, uh, we made them a really good offer and then they regretted and they refunded. Yeah. I, I kid you on. It's more coming with the impulse bios. And what we were talking about, that those info buyers that were very excited during the summer, bought the program, because if a refund rate is like 19%, I'll be very honest. 11 to 12% is already hit. By the by the reason the program has gone is started. And that's one of the criteria that we've always seen. Guys, our refund rate, uh, uh, the reason our refund rate happens is because people buy in food and they cancel, they get a payment plan or they get a member discount. So a refund rate is actually smaller. It's actually quite industry standard, which is 13%. For online courses. What we are seeing Bari is, but we also allow people, we use a flatline technique where we say you don't have to make up your mind right now. Try the program. Anytime in the next 2 weeks, if you want a full refund, just let us know. And in those 2 weeks you can attend 4 live classes. So we use that flatline technique to encourage people to try out and get 4 classes and then refund. And I think I just want to add one more thing when you were talking about accelerator and creating that business line as well, right? I think there were 2 I just wanted to address, like, 2 reasons why we created it at once. In a summance, we were generally getting a lot of old audience where we were pitching a $5000 in the 1st to itself. So people who did not want to invest so high in their 1st attempt, they had some things or one outcome that they can get during a smaller program, like a 1000, and we can give a result in 2 days to a week. So we nurture them and then we can sell back. And that was to attract the colder audience to conversion points, especially anywhere, even during the summit or beyond the summit. Like some people buy the accelerator 1st and then you can stop like upsell them mass street in the future. And that was the main objective that we were trying to hit. with accelerator. I really like showing that like one of the things is we are not that price issue in terms of 4000 to 8000 per our members because as people see the value, that's a 70% of our customers, or members, are the ones buying the program. So for them, they'll be willing to spend that money to get this program. Yeah. And they spend 300 to be a member, right? Yeah. Yeah. Being beautiful. And then they renew annually. We have a 37% renewal rate. which is average for the ed tech industry. Annual renewal. So on membership. Yeah. Specifically. I already had a question for you regarding sales. So I definitely think the agenda is a massive problem because we do sell speakers, we don't actually sell any method on indigent, and it's very random. Um, but I want to ask you about sales, because we also reveal the price, um, with full transparency. We don't typically do what a lot of people do, which is, like, hide the price and jump on a sales call, talk to the sales team, and, you know, uh, they all kind of pick you the price. Do you think that is limiting us? I do. I know there are different schools of thought on this. But I find that the more high testosterone sales agencies or advisors, consultants, tend to be like, Just tell them what front, and just, and I kind of think of it, like, if you went to see the movie, you went to see a movie, and then, like, when you're buying the ticket, it's, like, by the way, here's how it is. You're gonna love it. And you're like, I came for the journey, right? It's like a little bit doing that. It's like, we're not... The average, if you talk to a lot of buyers, like, I've been at a lot of back rooms and have, like, a million, millions, and millions of sales conversations, and every different niche in the industry, 'cause I, in the beginning, I would help in the back room. They started training the teams at the back room, and every night, we collect all the objections, and then work on creating my team tells me they were coming them the next day. So, like, I have a pretty good sense of buyers, and we really can't trust our buyers, and this is what I mean by that. They don't know what's good for them. They have presuppositions about what they can pay, what they need, what they'll do. And so when you feed that, I think you're actually doing them a disservice, not a service. I don't think of it as hiding the price. I think of it as revealing the investment when you're ready to hear it. Oh, why don't you tell? Yeah, go ahead. Well, I was just gonna say that, you know, when we start by saying, by the way, I just want to be fully transparent, I'm gonna sell you something, and here it is. Whether that's on a webinar, whether that's at an event, now we're listening to everything through the lens of, they're gonna sell me something, is this gonna be worth it, versus enjoying the journey? And they're like, man, when I want them to be thinking during my webinar or my 3 day event, is this is so amazing. I just want more. Where do I get more? And you're like, I thought you'd never ask, but I know you right, that client. I know exactly that you'd be thinking of this, and because I love you, and I want you to succeed, I've already thought of the natural next step for you. Here it is, and it's so affordable. I designed it to be right fit for you, because they know exactly who you are, what you're struggling with, and this will solve those pain points. There's only so much I could do in three days, but imagine if we had six months together or a year together. I think it's a more loving approach to nurturing our client, to allow them to make the best decision for themselves. And emotional buyers will recognize that as exactly what they want and need, and logical buyers will say it sounds awesome, and you're not wrong, but can I ask you a few questions? And, like, of course, you can. Let's talk to whatever concerns you have, so that we can get you to the right decision for you. Just add on to that. I have a couple of follow-up questions on this, right? Generally, our closing is done by which, and these are amazing at it. Like, he convinces like this. And that's why we never took, like, a direct sales team or hit the price on a page or directed to us this last week. So if you look at a sales page, we have both options available. We have, we can buy directly on the page. And we have a book a call as well. We can book a call, which is just below the... Sorry, for context when you're talking about this. Is this at your three day event? Is this on your webcar or just regardless? Okay. Everything, we got this as well. So, that's why we, you know, went to the direction that's just direct to save, like, the same Asian, because we were getting a good amount of conversions on the 1st evolution pick. I believe it. So we, yeah, so what do you take on that? And one of the concerns that I also see is with vision always switching, it also becomes that sometimes his sessions go like, oh, this one pitch. Yeah, yeah. It's not good for my brand. So I just want to share. I just wanna share a little bit more granularity. So I'm actually showing you our page. This is our page for manifesting mastery. Okay, now if you, and it's the same for AI mastery, but what happens is when you go, when you go down below, it's more, we mostly encourage people to buy directly. There is Klana, so they can get payment plans. And somewhere here, JDP, I don't see the sales agent. So our team has been horrible, horrible at linking to the sales team. But this is what we know. So we are working on that. But this is what we know with the sales team. The sales team that we use, we use the team in London. They also handle Jay Shetty, Marissa Pier. What they say is that they close 50% of the sales that come in for Mine Valley, but even for celebrity brands like Jay Shetty, they only close 40%. For Marissa Pier 35%. They say they have never seen any other company that has a higher closing rate. So a lot of the people who call are already quite ready to buy. But it could also be that we are making it really hard to find the sales team. As you can see from this page, it's not even here. JD, put it on another page like AI. Uh, okay. Let me try spiritual. I just published it right now. You can look at it. There we go. There we go. So it's this tiny little box. And my god, as a 50 year old, I cannot even read that text. Book a call with an advisor. Yeah. But also, during the event, you were either they buy there or you're driving them to talk to a sales agent later. Well, we give them both. They we give them a page, they can come, they can buy immediately, or they can book with a sales agent. A lot of people buy immediately. They have long to book. How long before they have the call? Maybe 2 weeks? Two weeks? I can book it on the same means from the time they book, they can book it in the next one to 2 hours. They can book it in the next 3 hours. They can look it for the next day. So we give them a range of Iranabad, a week, that they can choose. So I just think you're losing. I mean, 1st of all, amazing what you're doing already. So let's not discount that. It sounds like it's working really well, even with some of the things that we could probably do better. It's already working really well. So imagine what we could do if we make a few tweaks and adjustments. And by the way, I don't want to change so many things that we don't know what moved the needle. So I have to think about what we want to shift here. But typically, in a three day event, whether it was in person or virtual or a hybrid, and I made a note to come back to you and talk about the hybrid, I'd like to revisit that, but let's say it's a virtual event for now. Rather than say book a call with an agent, we would have a button on our dashboard that would say talk to a program expert. They would click that, it would take them to a zoom room, just like this one. where it would be greeting them and having them post their questions in the chat, and we would actually be having live conversation with them in a group. Oh, wow. And this happens as soon as you... This happens as soon as you give the during the event. So a Zoom room with an agent and multiple people can join the same Zoom room. Well, to give you, I think, you know, one of our larger programs is UPW, and we'll have 1,200 people come into what we call the lobby as soon as we make the offer. They're all logical buyers. Yeah, I believe... And how many? I have to think about it. I know so many people doing events and they do the same thing. the zoom room, people get on the calls. There's, like, little pods and Asian kind of speaks to... How many sales agents do you need? How many sales agents do you need? you have 12,000 people? It depends. It's volume-based. It depends on how many people are at your event, how many people, you know, make the conversion metrics on that. But even with an event where we had 1,200 people hit the lobby at once and we have a main lobby with breakouts behind it. We probably have five salespeople with five, you know, chat support. Because here's something I watched at Emperson Events. You'd make the offer, people go to the back of the room. emotional buyers would put down their credit card and buy. logical buyers would talk to salespeople. And as they're waiting to talk to a salesperson, they lean over and be like, Wait a minute, that's my question. Do you mind if I listen in? Like, no, no, come over. before you know it, you'd have, like, a small... Yeah. group around you. closing in small group. This is essentially what we had to convert from in person to virtual during COVID. Like, how do we virtualize the back of room experience? And it was the lobby. So, we do, I, first of all, again, I want to take care of my right foot client. If they have questions in a moment, I really don't want to say book a call to talk to someone sometime. I'm like, let's get your question answered right now so that we can get this solved. But we're still gonna do a post event. Close down. So for the supremely logical buyers, they have an opportunity to talk to someone, but we're not gonna talk about that during the event, because strike while the iron's hot. Like the best time, and this isn't, if you really think about a logical buyer, as one myself. I think that it is an Achilles heel that shows up in their life over and over again. They're terrible decision makers. They have not learned how to make good decisions. So left to their own devices, they will literally swirl and swirl around questions, any questions, and questions, and they need someone to help bring it to a oil and make a decision. And it always has to be done in integrity, because today's non buyer is tomorrow's buyer. Like, somebody, AI, people in my program that attended 10 events before they bought. I'm like, no worries, I'm in it for the long game. If it takes you 10 events to figure out I'm the right coach for you, we got you. No problem. I mean, there is some there is some of that, right? It could just be, they don't have the money in that moment. Could be during another coaching program. Could be that this is a tough year, because, you know, something's going on personally or with their family. You never know. But you're in it for the long game. So if we're approaching it from a service-based perspective, it doesn't feel like our twisting sales, it doesn't feel hugely aggressive. They feel nurtured and supported. They'll rave, renew, and recruit later by, or they'll say to people, Well, you gotta come to this event. It was amazing to say I summit was incredible. You should come. It's, like, the best one in the industry. And they start actually being, you know, a soundboard for you. Someone out there, you know, shouting it from the rooftops. But that's something I'd really want to look at, is, could we take that same sales team and train them to close faster in a live event environment? Because the typical sales team would close in 30 to 45 minutes, and you can't do that in virtual then close by people, you know, so we need to kind of teach them how to compress the conversation. There's some tools to make that easier. How, um, If you're doing well in evergreens, they'll do well in a lobby. How was that working for, like, things like Dean Graziosi and Tony Robbins AI thing? Are they are people allowed to buy directly? Because I mean, Tony has great brand reputation. Um, or there's everybody or it's the price hidden and everybody has to go through a sales agent. I'm not a fan of ever hiding the price. It's always on the sales page. We went full disclosure. We don't want people to feel like they have to talk to someone to get the price. I would feel icky about that if it were me. That'd be a turnoff. So it's always on the sales page. People can go direct to sales page. It's like usually a button on her dashboard says, I'm all in. They click to that. They go to sales page, they buy. They're done. We never even talk to them. They're done. And then we have the logical buyers, talk to a program expert, things like, and they go into a zoom room where then they can ask questions with a live program expert.


And it's good for you. It's bad for you. I don't know what to do now. I'm not sure. I'm just not going to do anything. But if I had a really trusted hair advisor who is, like, hairstylist to the stars, and they know all the things, and I spent some time with them, and they said, Barry, here's the secret to having your hair be thicker and more luscious and all the things. Like, okay, that's the answer. So, the way I look at it right now is that we need trusted advisors, people that we can trust. I think AI is exacerbating us, is like, who can I trust, who feels authentic, who I really feel connected to in this increasingly online world? And it's interesting, ironic, that we're using online to do that, but we are. And then the other piece is they're not paying you to tell them everything, you know. They're paying you to tell them what they need to know. They're actually paying you for your lens and your filter. Like, the reason, it is free on the internet, but why I'm paying you is, I trust fishing. I believe in his vision. He's the expert that I just felt, like, comfortable with. Like, we have good chemistry. I really believe in that guy. I love the team. He's assembled. I really love this method they put together. It was very intuitive, and I think I could do this, if I just had the time to implement it with support, I could do it. But most importantly, I feel less overwhelmed because he's gonna give me the simple steps I need to take to get more results. So they want less stuff, more resolved. And the more we start piling on things, I know this is a long answer to a short question, where, like, And you get a bonus, and you get this. And they're... Oh, God. And if you buy right now, sometimes actually works against you, where they're actually just, like, How do I get it simpler, fast or easier? A great example of this is in the AI summit we did with Dean and Tony. We took a product that we used... We traditionally will sell a year. Then we went to six months. And we made the price point for the six month program, 997. But at the AI summit, we just did, we made the price 0.997 for 30 days. And we had way higher conversions. And the argument was, you're gonna pay us more to get it done faster. Mm. I see. That's a very... Very tempting in our world to be like, well, if 6 months was 997, then 30 days is 397. And we're like, no, 30 days actually should be 3997 because we're actually doing what normally would take 6 months and 30 days, but we're gonna give you an amazing deal, and you're gonna do it for $9.99. But Bobby, is it the same length of content? Like 6 months versus 30 days? Is it the 6 months cram into 30 days? So is it significantly shorter? Yeah, no. And it's kind of like the webinar conversation. We really put it through the lens of, what's the thing they most need to do? Yeah. So it's short, so it's less content. That's content. But a higher price. Yeah. I see. interesting, right? Yeah. And it's square, I think, dissecting. It always gets back to your big Y. It's who's your most great fit client, and what would make them rave about you, renew, and recruit. Like, what outcome does your right fit client most want? Let's just use AI Summit for a moment. When they come to you, who are they? Like, let's get way more granular than you have. And what do they most want from you? Like, when they sign up for this summit, and ultimately, you want them to sign up for your program. Like, if you think of that through line, I want to attract you, I want you to buy a ticket. I want you to show up. I want you to stay all three days, and I want you to buy, whose most right fit, and what is the problem they're most trying to solve? Like, what's the outcome they want? So, right now, like, with EI, they wouldn't, how they can flown themselves up, some optimizer fault. So we do surveys, people are from like, for people who register at the summit, we have a survey which they feel. So even when we are in lead, I position, we are trying to create a what they are looking for, so that we can customize our agenda or just nurture it more towards that side. And one of the things that we found was that, at least with AI, there was a lot of overground in place, are people trying to figure out how they would get the right guidance in all the... Correctly, I'm not dirty, but like the audience is basically entrepreneurs, like small comedian businesses. Um, and we are hearing a lot about AI. They are super overwhelmed because they just don't know like doing the tool. Do I use this? Like Chat GPT clone? Like there's just so much jargon. So they come towards the simplify it for them. And what they're looking is just to be able to do simple tasks with AI, like automate simple tasks. So, it could be, like, custom GBTs. Um, you know, like repeatable tasks, you just want to automate that. So, like, how they're writing their emails, these that are, like, like, little, uh, day-to-day tasks. They want that to be completely automated. Is your entrepreneur know what a custom GPT is? But in the, in the Soviet, they actually said you want to learn custom duty. Okay, custom GPDs. What are the other things? Sorry, Barry, because last year, to be honest, there are some of that, like, we're going to do the pre sound survey, the vast majority of plan does not use AR keys. That was the vast majority. That was the biggest project. The 2nd biggest product that was the kind of thing with them from day to day, but they're not really like integrating my workflow. These were the 2 biggest groups that we were talking to. And in the gifts point, the sentiment was, I am so overwhelmed that our understandings are coming to the summit ages that we love. But that's not, by the way, that people end up buying, are not those that have never used ChatGPT before. So that's what we were trying to understand from last year to this year, who are actually the buyers because the people who were there, a lot of them, were complete beginners to AI. That's important to know, because I will tell you my hallucination is having spent some time on this for the wine that we did with Tony and Dean. I think there are a lot of words being tossed around right now, like agentic AI, ChatGPT, vibe coding, and people are using it. Like, yeah, yeah. And we're like, well, what is 5 coding? And they're like, you know, they have no idea. So I think, you know, it's like a nuance, but it's an important one. it'll give you an example. Like, when we did the AI summit, we had, uh, I don't know, 40,000 people, I think, online at any one time as a VIP in our software, and then we had the YouTube followers. And so, we were watching the chats on the first day. We knew that our right fit client knew nothing about AI, but felt totally overwhelmed, and didn't even know where to start. And we really believed that they needed mindset first, and then attacked it. So we're open with that cast, and he's talking about opening up. He's really talking about the philosophy of it. Stein and then Zack. Now, we're watching the chat, and there are people that are a little, like, This is the worst use of a dollar, 'cause we had a dollar child, but I'd ever spent. This is horrible. Is this a basic, is it gonna stay? What are you gonna get to the good content? Like, they were just having a meltdown. And then you had other people that were like, I'm already lost. I had no idea what's going on. What is he talking about? And for a moment we had this freak out, like, Oh, my God. And then we're watching our Facebook group, 'cause that night, we gave them homework. And we're watching our Facebook group, and our right client was in there, and what she was saying was, this was amazing. I loved how you started mindset, so that I could embrace what really needed to happen here, that I was capable of this, and I loved how you gently brought me into this thing. So what was happening is our wrong quit clients were, like, posting, like, crazy, and not paying attention to the content, and our right pick client was, like, lose to their screen, and they weren't even posted, because they were so focused on my content. That's exactly 100% what happened like Sammy. We had for the very same speaker, I'm not even kidding, Barry, in the same minute, somebody that would say, Oh, my God, this is too basic. Somebody that would say, I'm completely lost and somebody that would say, This is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. It was the most polarized summit we've ever had. We just already, we have, like, 80 to 90%, extremely positive engagement. Everybody's like, I love, I love this person. Of course, one or two. like, I'm bored, or whatever. But AI, we face that difficulty. Yeah. Yeah, I think one number. Like, the people who took our programs, 57% of them were beginners. Yeah, I believe it. There's way more beginners out there than advanced. And knowing the difference, I mean, listen, it doesn't mean you couldn't cater to advance, but knowing the difference is through line, like, not to be the dead horse, but this is why this is the secret sauce. If you know who your right big client is, you design the offer for that person, and the content, and then the messaging. And our messaging make no mistake. Never said, We're gonna teach advanced AI tactics. Nowhere did it say that. Because we weren't going to do that. And it also didn't save her, we're gonna teach you how to build a clone, because our right foot client doesn't even know what a clone is, quite frankly. They think they do. But if you really quiz them on it, they have no idea. Now, we knew our Holy Grail on our offer was to build them a club. Because we knew it would solve the biggest problem they have. What's the biggest problem I hide? Like, let's get back to pain point. For our right client, if you had to get us, she is, just so you have some context. She is 40 to 60. She is a startup entrepreneur or in the baby stages of her business. She is totally overwhelmed. She is trying to get more time and more money in her life. What is the biggest problem? she's trying to solve? Did he, what's, what he, a survey did up your, on these, at the sound level? I think they would, but... Just to give you to follow that? All right, but client's biggest problem is I don't have enough time. my life, so nothing else is working. So our Holy Grail became get 15 hours in your week back. So that was this, how did you get? How you get 15 hours of being back is a clone. So you don't sell fun, you sell outcome. The outcome is more time back. And by the way, she doesn't want more time for a business. What does she want more time for? Her family, her kids, her health, her wellness. She wants more to my back in her life to be just human. Right? And if she could use AI to be with him, but she's petrified of AI, for being really serious. A big part of what we spent day one on is demis to find what is AI. In really simple terms. So by the end of day one, our only goal was she is like, I do need AI. It is a human approach to doing what I need, which is to be more human. We knew then, too, on day two, we're gonna introduce, how do you get 15 hours back? Turns out, it's a clone. But you don't know how to build a clone, but we do. And what if they could do that for you in 30 days? What if in 30 days you had your own phone, that would give you 15 hours a week fast? That's 720 hours a year. Would that be worried about you? And you name it because the entire messaging was on a similar pattern for all the three years that we've done, is my wishing says, is it, get your two days back, you know, week. Yeah, but here's the thing. I think you're overselling it to stay in a week. So, really, this would be find out how to leverage AI to get your time back. Right? Like, the big picture outcome, and then we're gonna break down how, and then the way to do it is to spend time with us so that we can hand hold you through it. Because our right fit, I mean, another piece, I think, is important to say, is we're designing and defining your offer together, is if you're to peel back the curtain on every offer in our industry that's super successful, it does two things. It's an acronym. Rim and ace. Rem is, it's for repetition. It's immersion, and it's modeling proven practices. Like, how do you master anything? You repeat it, you're immersed in it, and you're modeling an already for good practice. So that's what a high ticket offer is. You're gonna repeat it till you get good at it. You're gonna be immersed in it. You're gonna model a group. Practice, you're not at the reinventing the wheel. How you're gonna do it is ace, accountability, community, and a dance opportunity. We're gonna make you accountable to get it done. We're gonna put you in a like minded community so you don't feel alone. And then we're gonna give you an enhanced opportunity, which is we're gonna help you do it faster, simpler, and easier. So if we look at, like, that is really, like, swim upstream, what every high ticket offer is, then what's unique to you is how you do that. Right. So enhanced opportunity, is the offer that we are selling at the end? Okay, it is, it is. The enhanced opportunity is, what if you had a clone in 30 days, that would give you 15 hours a week back, somewhere 20 hours a year back, what could you do with that time? That's the enhanced stop opportunity. I see. And Vari, where I'm also hearing, and please correct me, that's not the case. When I hear you talk about, you know the customer, and you know what's important to them. So let's say now our kids, we know they're women, we have an assumption that maybe it is spending time with the family. We can actually be more explicit about it. I think we've been leading a lot with enthusiasm about tools. Oh, my God, you got to do this, and you got to do that. But we haven't necessarily striped a cord, you get to do this so you can be at home with your kids. So you can, you know, yeah, related to that, the 2 moments in our AI summit that blew up. You're gonna, like, get tickled with this one. We have Dean take a picture of his fridge at home. and ask AI in his phone, the clone that he had built. I need to make Lisa's busy tonight. I need to make dinner for the kids in 15 minutes or less. And it has to be gluten free, and these are the products I have in the refrigerator. What I do? And it gave him a recipe using this, and they were like, Oh, my God. I mean, our Juliet was like, Are you kidding? I mean, she was like, I think, because you have, where do I get that? Where do I get that? The other one was, I'm getting ready to put the kids to bed. And they're really sick of Good Night, Moon. The three books they most love are, You recommend a good bedtime story. I'm like, Oh, my God. I mean, they just wanted simple... pools to do the things that they're struggling with every day, to bring them closer to their family. Now, we also did the business things, but what blew up for them, because of who she really is, is the things that were like, Oh, my life could just be simpler and better. It could do that for me. That'd be amazing. We had one that was about workout, 'cause we saw that work, the next, they were like, I only had 15 minutes. This is the equipment I have. What work out could I do that would focus on abs? By the way, I have a lower back injury. Our clone is like, No worries, I got you. By the way, I remember that you said da da da. Um, in our last, you know, thing. So I added in this little tip for you. Make sure you don't do this, because I don't want you to, you know, injure yourself. So that is so basic. Like, that's just... Yes. So. It wasn't, like, build me a rocket ship and take me to the moon. It was like... It's in the fridge that only made dinner. But again, that comes from knowing your right fit client. We know, Julian. We have no more... for 5 years. We've named her, we have a visual for her, but Julie is our person. And we know everything about her. So, to give you an example of true right, Fit Clank demographics, I'm gonna use, with his permission, Garrett White, 'cause it's a really extreme example, and I like it a lot. Do you know who he is? So Garrett, basically, is a mindset coach who focuses on men, and he really is all about helping them get their life back. Like, like, it's their sex life, their business life, their workout life, their body back. Like, it's, like, men who've gotten lost and want to get back back to being. They really want to be Garrett, quite frankly. So who is his right foot client? Is right, the client is a man who's in his 40s or 50s. He met his wife in high school or college. They been together forever. He's gone to church since he was a kid, just like his dad before him and his grandfather before him. He's a mainstay in his community. He coaches little league for his son. He's always had his daughter's recital. He's a family guy, and he's a rule follower. He loves following rules. He has a small business, or he's moved up to be in the upper echelons of a small business for somebody else. He's pretty important in his business room. At least he was until recently. But he started to notice is that when he's at dinner with his wife and his two kids who are teenagers, that she's more interested in Pinterest than him, and they're more interested than TikTok to him, and he can't separate them from their phones, no matter what he does. And it leaves the sitting around the dinner table going, I never thought it'd be like this. I went to dinner cycle when I was a kid. How do I get? are these new rules? How do I get them to focus on me? So he went to his pastor, but he really found that Pastor doesn't know the new roles, either, and that left him feeling really scared and disassociated, because church has always had the answer. Where are the rules for this? And honestly, he started to kind of feel really, like, out of sleep with his wife. There's nothing happening in the bedroom. Like, they haven't been together in over a year, and that's unheard of, and he is craving her physical connection. He really doesn't know how to connect with her. He feels increasingly disconnected, and, like, she's not interested. And that led him to start eating a little bit more and drinking a little bit more, and now he's gained the weight that hasn't felt even less confident in the bedroom and in the boardroom. It's, like, a downward spiral, and he's thinking maybe there had it for a divorce. And he doesn't want a divorce, 'cause that's a whole new set of rules, but he absolutely doesn't want to have to go out there and learn. Not to mention splitting out this household, being separated from his kids, he can't imagine them. So he is literally never been more disconnected, never been more disassociated, never been more frustrated, but worse, it just feels lost. In fact, he won't admit this to many people. It's like his deepest, darkest secret, but at one point, he turned to porn to make himself feel better. And even that just started to fall apart. Like, he just started to feel awful about himself. I mean, like, we know who this guy is, right? All he's looking for is, like, where are the wolves? It feels like there's a new rule book, and what really has made the most frustrated is I don't know who has the rules. Where do I find... I'm a wallblock. You tell me the rules, I'll do it. I just don't know where they are. So I know who this guy is, and what's fascinating is because of that, when we ran a three day event, we had this guy buy shirts that he had to wear. Garrett's a pretty aggressive personality. He's, like, day one, day two, day free. Here's the website, go buy them, you've gotta be wearing this at the event. You'd remind them, countdown till the shirts, or have to be here, like, da da da. Okay, you've missed the shirt deadline. You didn't follow the rules. So here's the deal. You can still come, but you've got to wear a black shirt. It can't have any logo or any writing, just solid black. We'll see you there. Now, you might think, What in the world? Like, if I said that to my ladies, they'd be like, What? It would seem insane. But his rule follower guys were like, thank God, I love it. Rules. I mean, they're like buying the shirts. They showed up with a shirt, you know, a bunch of pudgy, 40, 50 year old guys that look like church goers in their shirts and they were like on time and ready. Because he's already started to embrace them when he knows they want a need, which is rules. And from the very first minute, he was like, You, wrong shirt, you have five minutes to go change, or you're kicked out of the event. This guy would, like, disappear and go change. You, you're supposed to, I know. Oh, but I have a suit on. I dressed. No, I don't care. You gotta have on the shirt. And you miss the boat, you have an hour to go buy one. I'll see you back here. Don't come back until you have it. Now, again, for the wrong fit clients, like, who is this guy? I'm not sitting around here for this. But the right big client was like, This is amazing. And the whole event went like that. The whole event was learning the new old book. And he introduced them to men who had reconnected with their wives, were having the best sex of their lives, but more importantly, that intimacy that they craved, they were fit, and buff, their businesses were doing better. All that they said, fallen apart, had been rewoven back together, better relationships with the kids. They met guy after guy who had done that, and they became the celebrity. So if I had a choice between bringing, like, the biggest, like, maybe I could get the rock to come, or I could get a guy who looks just like my guy, he shows the before picture. He's like, I get you. I was that. But it comes out now, and his black T shirt, and he's muscled out. He shows a picture of the wife, he just, or the trip he just went on with his wife, who he met in high school. It says, We've never been more connected. We're 20 years into our marriage. We've never been more connected. We take a vacation together. Heres the one we went on with the kids. By the way, here's this thing I'm doing with my kids. Anyway, you get it. I'm much good down the rabbit hole too far. Bottom line is, the more you know the person, the more you can structure the marketing in every stage of what you're doing in the content specifically for that person. But shoot at everything, hit nothing. Like, if we're just, like, AI summit, and it's a buffet of speakers, I think you can attract a lot of people to it, but are they very quite fit, and are they the most likely to buy your product, and then buy it again and again? So, Barry, what would be, what would be some of the first steps we have to take? Because we do have, um, high level surveys on, you know, how much they use AI, what's the one thing they want out of the summit? Um, like keep questions like that. But we are very far from having that level of understanding. This is the person I'm talking to that maybe doesn't care about their custom GTP. They cares about what's the good night story. I'm gonna tell my kids tonight. Yeah, I think part of it starts with who you want to serve, because there's so many people out there who want to learn AI. So this, again, gets into big Y. If you think about vision and who he wants to see sitting in those, see, him personally, who does he want to be interacting with? Then you think of the company, and the pro while you're trying to create. Who's the person you want in those seats? What would be your answer to that? Was the person you wanted to see? And, um... You asking me? Yes, ambition. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so for AI, I think Barry, my problem is, I assume everybody gets it as well as I do. So, Nobody gets it. Yeah, so, so, so the AI that I was demoing was literally, um, what was literally so super advanced, no one is going to be able to build it because I have a computer science degree. So I look at things differently, and it's hard for me to come down to normal human level. Um, so you have to be an engineer to understand. So I demo something, but I believe it was, but I should have done like a little fridge demonstration. You know, photographing my fridge. What I demoed was building your own AI worker for your company. And then I told them, we're not going to be covering this in the clone workshop, and the clone workshop, whether we're going to show you simplest steps, such as how to build an AI intelligence for analyzing project files. But it was pretty, it was still relatively advanced. Let's say it's in the top one% of AI users. So I'm talking to really highly educated smart founders, and I guess I assume that they are a lot more talented than they might actually be. And that could be why we didn't close as much for our AI accelerator. Yeah, I mean, I think there's so much nuance, great fit client, right? So it could be, I'm just gonna give you some examples. Our right fit client is a person who's never touched AI, is petrified at AI but knows they need to learn it. That would be Julie. It could be someone that they dabbled in AI, but the more they do it, the more confused they get. They understand AI, but their team doesn't, and they don't know how to get their team on board. Now it becomes a team outcome. They understand the basics, and they've had some real successes, but it feels like something new is coming out every day. They want a short list of what they should focus on next. That's somebody who's advanced in looking for the fast track. They're actually vibe coding, and they want better ways of vibe coding. They're developers, and they want to learn how to use that. So, I mean, you can see, those are all AI topics, but they're not, in any way, similar, based on the outcome we're gonna create and how we're gonna go there. So when you think of, like, your zone of genius as a company, what is the AI's summit designed to help them do? And then the product you sell there? What is that design to help them do? Like, what is the ultimate outcome for them? Yeah. And as you're thinking about this, it's so fascinating, I mean, confidentially, because it's the same topic. And obviously, you wouldn't mimic it because you want your own unique identity. You don't want to be looking like somebody else doing the exact same thing on some level. But I want to show you, like, a really tactile example of what I'm talking about, because I think it might help. And then, is it okay we'll do this, and then we'll take a little break? I know we've been going for, take, like, a 10 minute break. Yeah, 10 minute break would be great. Work late on this. Do you want to do that while I pull this up? Why don't we do a 10 minute break when you come back? I'll have this pulled up in Milwaukee. Okay. Okay, sounds good. That's great. 2 minutes or 10 minutes? Sorry, 10. That's okay. Thank you. So stay back here at 902 Eastern. All right, thank you.