Let me bring up the questions again. I agree. Hey, Eliza, what were the 15 questions you had for Bari? Okay, uh, questions coming up. First question is, Oh, actually, let me let me bring this up. I had a different AI working on the question, so it's a different... So here we can actually see the questions, okay? And I'll just send you guys this link as well. Here, guys, you have the MD files. If any of you want to drop in this conversation recording into your own AI, but these are the questions. Give me a sec. Let me post it in. Okay, so you have the questions. Two different AIs were working on this one. Okay, so the 1st one is, and some of these questions, Barry, since this was a discovery called, we can differ. So if you feel the question is deferable, we can do it for the next call. Okay, so this question is, what is true, the exact technology set up for Tony's 1000 person live lobbies during events? What do you think? Uh, I'll just do high-level, but we'll spend a lot more time on this because of, like, a live lobby for your summit. Yeah. Um, but at high level is they click a button in our software that they've been trained to use the software. go to the dashboards. It feels very natural and intuitive. It says talk to program expert, it puts in the dual lobby. The lobby is supported by a host, 2 talks, and a host, 2 chats. Increasingly, we're using a trained bot, my goodness, with this automation. But increasingly, we're using a bot to do that. We've been testing the bot for high volume sales to answer low hanging fruit questions. The bots trained on FAQs and your voice, and there's a human vetting, the bot box. I see. to see how good it is of doing it. So we've got the human interaction with the live human. We have the previously chat interaction with the live human, but increasingly a bot. And then in order to divide the audience, we have breakout rooms that are mini lobbies. And the reason we do that is so 1,200 people hit at one time. If I get a lobby, it's not 1,200 people, I think my questions never getting answered. I see. So by putting them into smaller rooms, they can't tell how many people are in there, and it feels more intimate. So every lobby is, is, like, what, like, 100 people per lobby? Um, I think of it more like a main lobby with breakouts behind it. And we have a switchboard operator, and the switchboard operator is patching them into different breakouts. Oh, I see. So I make that, but generally we do it with... Okay, I see. And roughly how many customers per salesperson is it in the lobby or advisor? Great question. It really depends on the quality of the salesperson. Some people, we can even rank and rate your salespeople. It's like, this one caps at 20 people, this one caps at 100. Depends on their ability to sell to a group and feel comfortable holding a room. Okay. Great. So the next question, how do we research our actual buyers, not just registrants, to validate the Julie Avatar? Yeah, great question. I really want you to, your bravest dad's already of a lot of this information. I think we need to streamline the stats a little bit. I wouldn't mind a different survey, given how big your audience is, super simple, and I think we need to really work on the crafting of the questions, so that we're getting good data, and then I think you need some reading the tea leaves, conversations. Like, I think that's where we should go next. Um, what time we have today and with our next call. Because it's macro clear, micro easy. The clearer may feel like we're going slow to go fast, essentially. Meaning that the more you know about this right foot quiet, the easier it is to solve her. So I think we just need to go a little deeper. The reading the tea leaves are the inflections that you're gonna get as a teacher, as a person who delivers the content. And it also should be infused. And this is why the big wise, 50% about you, 50% about them. That equation, I think, always should be balanced. Half about you, half about them. What are they telling you they want? It also says to be bad. What do you wanna give? At Julie, if you're Julie, would say, I really want to never learn vibe coding, and only, uh, the focus on how to use pod. Like, I never want to accelerate beyond quad, and you're like, oh, I'd be so bored with that. If that's who we become as a company, we may as well not exist. Then that's not right fit. So it really has to be unmixed of both things, what they want and what you want. Who you want to serve? and what do they want? And by the way, I think who you want to serve trumps what they want from you. I see. I see. Is there a survey, a survey software that you guys are using or that you recommend? Oh, gosh, that's a great question. No, there's some many good ones out there. Okay. No, I don't feel partial to that one. I think it's more about short forms, super simple, and really thinking through the question you're asking, is the question you're asking, gonna give you the answer you want. For example, AI. Are you using AI? Which would mean by a better question might be, how many hours have you spent on ChatGPT? Do you or Claud, which do you prefer? Like, something like that actually might be a better question than do you use AI? Yeah, yeah. I see. Okay, number three, um, why does 995 work better than 9970 1000? Is there signs behind the specific number? Is that something you recommend we use? Mm-hmm. Yeah, 997 always outperforms 1000 and we've recently been testing 995. I don't know that 995 or 997 work better than the other, but it's bizarre that it's a $3 difference, but it sells better than $1,000. I see. I see. Okay, celebrity integration without backfire. Should we even be thinking about celebrities in any cases? I personally don't like it. I find them a pain to work with. Agreed. I think they're completely unnecessary. Okay. And sometimes can backfire on you. I'd rather you be the celebrity and start to build celebrities inside your community. Yeah, I love that. Yeah. Please, please define celebrity for you. So is, let's say, Jodie Spencer, a celebrity, or you're talking about Vinet Palter's status? Both, because the bigger the following, you know, um, so I would say celebrity is somebody who's a true influencer, whether it is, you know, a Gwyneth Pouch or a Hollywood celebrity, or more of an infomarketing celebrity. You know, for your audience, you know, let's say that, yeah, go ahead. Yeah, I was going to say, so there's different levels of celebrity, right? Like Marie Folio, when we had Marie Folio come down to Dubai, speak on stage, that was amazing because Marie is also teaching in the program. When we had showed dispenza, he spoke on our stage, and it was amazing. Um, and he helped us get a lot of traffic, more so than Gwinnett Paltrow, but I think because Joe is not teaching in our program, it makes our program look incomplete. So I wouldn't do Joe Dispenza, but I would do Marie Folio. What do you think, Barry? And, you know, it's, but it's also, when we talk about the PHG flow, the keynote position on the morning of day 2 is often an outside speaker, paid or unpaid. And the key there, they don't need to be part of the program, but they need to so nail the messaging and the mindset that we're trying to set the tone for the day with. that it makes it worth the investment of time, money, and or energy to have them there. And I think the hat trick is they need to be enough of a draw to, um, add value, but not so much of a draw that they're only coming for them. Mm, I see. I just have a slight of... I totally agree with the point, though, but I think because manifesting was a paid ticket, Even if they came for Joe Dispencer, and he got a lot of attraction itself, people stayed for the other speakers because they were also really strong and really good in their own domains. But that is not publishing your schedule because they won't be able to pick and choose because they won't know when those people are speaking. So that will help for sure. But the other thing I was gonna say about celebrity is a lot of times the celebrities were picking are because of crossover audiences that we want to attract. More than just, this is a big name that will get people excited, is, like, this is a crossover audience that I would love to introduce to our work. Because Joe promoted us as well to his list as well. Right. Because he will value in that. Yeah. Yeah, that could work. But do you think the fact that Joe Dispenza was not speaking at our event, do you think that could be problematic? Um, if he were promoting your event but not speaking there? Or if people come in the event of the summit, but not of the mastery, that's what we should be saying. Yeah, I don't think every speaker has to be in the mastery. I just think it's a mistake when none of the speakers are in the master, right? Okay. Yeah. That's great. We generally have most of them in the mastery and maybe one maximum to move that wouldn't be, like last year, was Joe and Win and they couldn't be the mastery, but we had them. Okay, it's fine. Got it. Okay, and then the next one is, um, design the perfect 3 day flow. When exactly do you present the offer, create urgency, handle objections? Yes, I was gonna tie back to this one, actually. I'm gonna we're gonna spend way more time on this, but, um, just gotta shut my whole screen for simplicity. You know, if that's the best, hold on. Um... Here we go. I can share this with you, but I really look at this three day event this way, okay? So, you have your bookends, which is the opening, welcome, and warm up, which is setting the tone for the whole event. And then you have your wrap up session, which is how we tied up with a nice little bow before we send them off back into the world. Then you have this really important piece in the middle, which I think of as the trifecta. Three sessions that work together. The first one is the panel and the invitation. It's followed by laser coaching. It's showing you in your zone to genius coaching students through problems that we know all the students have, and the third is what we think of as the repitch. Most people think that the offer is the most important session, but in my opinion, it's really that invitation is just getting the offer out onto the table. So the emotional buyers can buy, and the logic of buyers can ask questions. The laser coaching is to reinforce the offer you just made and let them actually see it in real time. Also, I never love ending on an offer. It gets super dangerous to allow it offer at someone, and, like, see you tomorrow. So, I like to bring them back for this evening session, and then this morning is to reinforce the offer for the logical buyers. I'm gonna, um, come back to that one and just a sec and just say, okay, so what are the white sessions? This would be your method. Method part one, method part two. Method three, method four. Generally I would put a keynote on the morning of day two. Like, this would be where a Gwyneth or a Joe would go. If we have more than one, celebrity keynote, the other would go when they come back from the lunch break. So it would be lunch break or morning of day two keynote notes. I might put one on day 3 to hold the audience, like, stay till the end. We have so-and-so kind of thing. Um, but it's not necessary. And it really, you know, outside of my keynote speakers, I'm really trying to showcase the visionary, and possibly speakers who are in the program, or even coaches that you have inside your own program. So if I had a coach inside my program, I'd want to make sure that the audience met them. It was dazzled by them. So I could say, you remember meeting Bob? He was amazing, right? How many people love Bob? Well, he's our head coach. If you loved him, we have 15 others just like him. Something like that. So they're falling in love with the broader scope of what they're getting, not just you. So, these are the parts I think we need to obsess on, since previously, this has been a buffet, and we're switching more toward them. I see. Stop it. Because this where, if I taught the first part of the method, the second part of the method, the third part of the method, my likely to skip day two, I want to hear the rest of the method. Am I likely to skip session three? Yeah, that's part of the map. I see what be mean. Yeah. You're right. You're right. But, Barry, if we're teaching the method over 3 days, and we're going deep, and I believe you said every day should be 7 or 8 hours, not 4 hours. Right? Well, they're 2 different models. I think it's a 4 hour more like a challenge model versus this 3 day enrollment event, which tends to be, like, 11 to 6 or 8. This is an evening session that's optional. So 6 p.m. if you don't have it, 8 p.m. if you do, then 11 a.m. to 8 or 9 p.m. and then 11 a.m. to 4 to 6 p.m. depending on whether we have 4 sessions or three. You could get away with only 3 sessions on date. But there's so much there. There's so much there. We're teaching a method. What is there left to teach in the actual program? So this is a great question, because the method, when you're teaching the method here, this is a taste of the method, to master the method, you need to join the high ticket offer. So follow this project. I saw your ads, and it was like, you know, Barry, as a solopreneur, if you learn three simple things in AI, you literally can get two days of your life back, and more time to do the personal development, and life manifesting that you really want. Oh, that sounds amazing. I didn't know you could do that. Tell me more. Well, join me for this webinar, and I'm gonna give you a highlight of one of the free things. Come to the webinar, go deep on one of the three, fall in love with that, and then I'm like, this is amazing. I wish there was more. And you're like, You should really join me for my 3 day event, where I can only do so much in an hour. We're gonna go way deeper on all of this. That sounds amazing. They come to the three day event, they learn the whole method. And then about here, midway through the program, what they're naturally gonna think, is this is so amazing, but I have so much to do. I've learned so much. I wish I just had time and help and support, accountability, community, and... and opportunity, repetition, immersion, bodily proven practices, so it could really stick, so it could become a habit to use your language. So it became more consistent in my life. And that's when you say, great, I've got that covered. Join me in my offer. The offer is where we master the things that I've been teaching you here. And what makes this really work is let's say that, um, let's say that in your offer, you do hot seat interventions. in your program. Be like, once a month, vision himself does live interventions. If they'd experienced a live intervention with you, when you got to that part of the program, you'd say, how many of you loved the live intervention I did? Well, I do that once a month in this program. Now we don't have to, when we get to the offer, say, let me explain to you what an intervention is. They already experienced it, and we're just tying it back to an experience they already loved. So we're very strategically and intentionally building all these sessions to showcase every element of the offer, so by the time you get to the offer, it's like, if you like this, you're gonna love that. If you like this, you're gonna love that. I see. The other thing, sorry, just go ahead. Well, I was just gonna say quickly. The other thing about these 3 sessions, is it compresses the sales window? If you make this offer too early, and then you keep pitching too late, it becomes a very salesy event. My hallucination is that by this point, but just halfway through the program, if you look at the three days, this is the halfway point. the tipping point from, this is so much amazing information. I can't wait to get started, but this is so much amazing information. I wish I had helped get started. And it's a natural place to say, We've got you covered. Lets invite you to do this. We follow up with laser coaching and repitch, and we have a hard close here. Our biggest enrollment break will be here, and there's a reason. We're driving to a welcome celebration. And a lot of people miss this. The messaging and the best call to action, whether it's in person or virtual, is the program starts here at this event. The train is leaving the station. We start here, we have a welcome celebration to welcome in all of our new members, our new family, at this welcome celebration. People do not like to miss the start of things, and it has outperformed any other bonus or called action over the last 10 years. Wow. that anyone's tried. So we want to introduce this, ideally, Agra 3 day event. I see. I really like this welcome celebration thing. This is very cool. Okay, next, what specific event platforms support? Sorry, sorry. I have 2 questions on these. So, Barry, because you talked about methods, but where is at which point would you say that we should have sessions that's prime for the sales? So, for example, when I see this kind of event in action, let's say there is one session that speaks about the importance of mentors, and why instead of trying to learn from the internet, from your cousin, from what dad and mom say, why it's important to invest in mentors. I know that Tony also does similar things. So, because when vision was saying, we are going to go very much in that, what I think we do is that we go too much in that. Yeah, we don't actually take that step back where we're like, Okay, first, let's clarify, who should you learn from AI? You know, about AI from? And that removes some of the content happiness that our summits have, and the richness, actually, of all these as well. And there is a nuance here, which is, we want to bring them to a point where they're, say, going from, I've learned so much, I can't wait to implement, so I've learned so much. I help implementing. If you go past that, it's like a boiling pot, if you ever watch a pot boil over, and you just overwhelm them with content, they don't look for help. They just go, wow, this is too hard. I can't do this. And so, if you're teaching too much, you can either have them go, Well, I've gotten so much, I know how to do this, or well, I've gotten so much, I'm too overwhelmed to do this. The nuance is getting them to the point where they're like, I can't do this, and I want your help doing it. Okay, so this is one of our suspicions to keep us brought it up many times that we're giving admissions, well, that we might be giving too much value. The second question. And not too much value. You never give too much value. Too much information. Mm hmm. Like, in the social media, yeah, and I was looking at a flow of sessions. In three sessions, I saw 21 pointers. And then I was, like, in three, it's less than 2 hours. 21 pointers to act upon. I'm already opening. Yeah. I cannot do it. Less is more in this model. Like most people overteach. And most people don't know that there's a formula for this piece. I mentioned that before. There's literally six steps to the offer session. They are four steps to the laser coaching session, and there are six steps to the repitch session. Like, there literally is a predictable formula for doing this. And, you know, we want to really go over those nuances together and how they work. Um, because it's also easy to overpitch or underpitch, either one. Like, and the idea with all of this is elegant moves. Like, we want I want them to be on a journey where they're so immersed, so engaged, so excited. And the thing that you have to sell them on more than anything is the belief that they can do it, because if they don't believe they can do it, why are they gonna help, why are they gonna pay you to help them do it? So by times we're focused on, buy this thing for me, and it's like, I don't believe I could do that thing. We have to 1st sell them on, you can do this thing, make them want to do the thing, and then they think, how do I get help doing this? And I thought, you'd never ask, right? So those elegant nuances make a big difference. And if you have too many speakers who don't get that, you have a speaker who gets a standing ovation in every session and have the worst sales ever. Yeah, we see that. Yeah. Yeah. And that's where I make my prime fashion versus method session. So prime, to me, are like these sessions were always gonna create it. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, okay. Let me ask you this. So, how to put it all to Gary in agenda, like that, right? It requires very strong coordination, I think. across all authors, right? And, and GD, or, or any, for rightly, but I don't think we, we have that now, right? So that requires having all the authors in the room and going, like, this is all the overarching engine. This is our main goal. This is our outcomes, and you want you to contribute to that. You mean bakers? Is that what you mean, like, the speakers? Yeah, the speaker, yeah, sorry. I think a bit more like, we're gonna create the architecture, and then we're gonna give them their assignment, make sure they have contacts. I don't know. Exactly. Yeah, yeah. Exactly, but that requires, you know, like you said earlier, you're right, you know, you need to know where you are, who's going before, what they're gonna say, who's going after. So how do you compound the value? The valley doesn't live in your, in your pack. Value keeps growing, you know? Yes, there you go. But it's not enough, and I'm gonna be very critical about what we've done until now. So they know who's coming before, who's coming after, what the person before is saying. What's the theme of the day? But what we don't have is the architecture of this is the journey we're taking them on. We have daily beams, but we don't know, like, we don't have, this session is where we're gonna get them to the point where they're gonna need, that they can do it. And this session is where the power of mentors. And this session is all about getting them to the keeping point of implementation. That we don't have, because we don't have that. You've never guide its speakers, deliver this level of outcomes that we need. We've guided them to deliver the best experience possible that they could, and that's the difference of what we have to do right now. Yes. And to hopefully review their topics, I don't want a speaker to get on there. If I've worked really hard to have this three days not be overwhelming, and then I have a speaker get on there and overwhelm them, then they actually haven't done us a service. So we really want to know how deep they're going on their content, their talk, so that we can help regulate that, to be in sync with the rest of the program. By argument, I don't... indirect. If when a speaker tells you that they're only gonna keep you their slides last minutes, do you hire them? Yep. No, and we have a speaker contract that dictates that. And, no, you're a guest on my stage. I am inviting you to the stage. We won't have last minute vibes or last minute changes. That doesn't... So you just, like, cut them out? If they say, yeah, but, you know, I'm only gonna want it to be on that day, because these, that, and why? No. Great. Interesting. No, that would be, like, an actor showing up to a movie. Like, I know, like, you've got a script, but I'm just kind of improv this, okay? I'm... When it comes from my time on set, I got it. I think I got what you want. Trust me, I'm gonna improv something awesome. Like, no. This is a highly produced production with a sole goal of enrolling our students in a program. There is no improv. Like, that's just not a thing. I don't love speakers who do that. And I've been burned by speakers who do that, and I think it's bad practice, and I think it's unfair of them to ask that of you. Even the most amazing speaker can be a fail. without the proper preparation and execution. So it's just, I think that's not okay. Eating, I think, I think that's more acceptable for an event like Mind Value U, where you may have a celebrity speaker, but for a summit? No. With summits, there have been cases, particularly with the AI, where they call me things like, because they are most so fast, but I want to make sure that I'm tweaking my slides out to last minute, and we have it in the contract, and we reinforce it. And still, sometimes, we have some issues, but I love, like, this is a deeper conversation. I just wanted that we wanted to. And that's where we get them embraced and through line to say, if you find that something's late breaking, we'd love to know about it so that we can work with you, to make sure that it's, you know, we're setting you up properly, and then it's integrated properly into the program. So let's say something like frontier just broke right before the session, and you want, and someone went to arrest that, that's okay, but it has to be run by us. It's not something where you can just change your sides that morning up and present something different than what we agreed to. And one more question. So, in your experience, the two, the, there's the kitchen, there's the beach, is it always the same person in the laboring both? In a perfect world, it is. Okay, great, because we always have vision to move, so, yeah. Yeah, great questions. Um, on the event platform that supports live sales lobbies, um, that's obio, our, our the platform, and we'll run the event on that, and it will also support the sales lobby and, uh, load balancing the rooms and that kind of thing. The bot is also part of, you don't have to use the bot, but if you do, we work with you to train the bot on your FAQs and your language. We designed them with you. And then there'd be a human who's moderating the bot to make sure that it's doing the proper job. Perfect. Next one is beyond conversion rates. What are the hidden metrics that predict summit success? Uh, show up rates, stick rates, cameras on, productive chat. Great. What problems emerge when scaling from 10K to 100K registrants that nobody talks about? Um, the biggest thing is the volume of the chat. You know, so this is where something, like, Abio can help a lot, because we're gonna load balance the rooms at 500 per room, and open rooms, as we need them, so that it's working at scale. If you're gonna have a human moderating the chat in each room, then you might have a scale issue, but if you're gonna trust a bot to do that, then you don't, 'cause the bots are all being trained by us and by each other, and being trained over time or helping to adjust it as we learn in the audience. Um... Do the, um... What's interesting is, you don't have the intimacy issue at a virtual event, because the software is also always putting in the same room with the same people, so they get to know each other. It, like a community inside the community. So their experience is intimate, even if you have 100,000 people. It's really no different in the virtual world, having 100 people, 1,000 people, 5,000, 100,000. One of the things I love about Virtual is they have a front receipt to you, and you have a front receipt to them. If you know how to work the cameras and the virtual room, it's gonna be a deeply immersive event where they feel like all this papers are talking directly to them. But there is some priming and prepping that happens to make that work, and that's all built in our framing of housekeeping comments and support where we work with the MC or the host or the speakers, to make sure that we're setting the tone for how we want them to show up. Like, remember that side that was, like, we want to teach them how to behave? and what to want. We're gonna do that from the very beginning. Mm hmm. How do personal growth summits differ from business marketing summits in terms of psychology? Uh, personal growth audiences often tend to be, expect everything for free. There's something about healer and personal growth, where a lot of people just think because it's, like, goodness in the world, like, you're doing good, because you're doing good, it should be free. And so, you know, I think what was true is that when you pay, you pay attention. And so it's actually a service to them to get them to buy the ticket and to buy the program, and we're likely to show up if they do it. When I say show up, it's not just for you, show up for themselves. Like, if I spend 10 grand with you, I'm more likely to show up than if I spend nothing. It's actually a service to me to be forced to pay, 'cause then we're likely to pay attention. And it's not true of all personal growth audiences. I mean, for example, Tony's personal growth and, you know, we don't have that issue. But I find if it veers into like that, healer market, especially, like, the healer market is a tough one. because they do expect a lot of free things. They almost see it as religion. It's interesting. Business marketing is dimes to dollars, so it's a little bit easier, from an offer perspective, is, like, if you give me a dime, I'll give you a dollar. is a rational argument. So with personal growth, you have to focus on results. If I give you these results, is it worth your dollar? I see. And a lot of times, we find not making the pre pitched session is designed to do that. I think if it is show me the money, show me the results session. So the pre pitch session, the session before the panel and the offer, is designed to connect those dots so that they're thinking in that way before we make the offer. I see. I see. Yeah, I think why manifesting mastery works so much better, it does three times the sales of spiritual mastery because manifesting, you tie directly back to money, abundance, goals, and so on. I can see that. Okay, the next one is how do you adapt this for Mind Valley's global audience? So our audience is roughly 50% American in the chart that JDep showed it was 47% American. Then we've got a massive European UK and Dubai audience, which is the European time zone. And then maybe 10% is an, is an, um, Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia. And to a lesser extent, India. And so one of the reasons we do 4 hour long summits is because we get to start at morning US time, and it's actually around 6 PM here in London, and it ends at around 8 p.m. But if we do 8 hours, it's ending at like 3 AM Europe. And that's one of the reasons why we had our summits 4 rather than 8 hours. So I'm curious how you would adapt to this. I think there are 2 things. One is, you can take that exact model that I showed you and accordion it. We tested that. So you can shorten the days and still have it work. We just have to be way more intentional. You know that old saying, if I had more time, I'd write you a shorter letter. It's like, to give a short day is harder than a long day, to get the same result. But it's doable. The other thing is, we can train the audience on how we want them to show up. Like, we can put people in rooms together from similar time zones and encourage them to, it's almost like a watch party, right? It's like they're together. Um, and, you know, being against their normal time zone. And, you know, I always say to them, like, If you had to fly across the pond, like, if you had to get on a plane and fly from Dubai to Charleston, South Carolina, or from London to South Carolina, you'd have to arrive early because of jet lag and all of that. So three day event becomes, like, a seven day event, and you might spend five to ten grand. Now you have the beauty of watching it from your own home and your own environment, and all you have to do is reset your body clock. Here's some ways to recommend doing that. And I've done it before, so rather than just preach it, I've done it. We do events for television in Australia. We're running them from Florida in Australia. We're resetting our body block. We're running it in our opposite time zone. So it's, you know, I know what I, which I speak. So, you know, I think there's ways to convince them that it's worth it to do that. But if you really think that's a challenge, then I think we could look at how we shorten the hours to be more like your normal four hour. Yeah, but we also do, um, we also do this thing that JD has us doing, which is JD, could you explain simulated live stream? So that's a feature with Zoom, right? Simulation. Basically, when we, for example, in social media, in Dubai, right? They cater to high time zone, but not to US time zones. So we get the recording and put it back. So the same experience with concierges is replayed A, like US time zones. Session develop is the same. On theaters are live, interacting with the audience, and that's something we do generally to cater to all audiences in our time, so. doesn't. Yeah, I mean, you could do that. It's interesting. We do an event a couple times a year called the oneness summit, and a lot of their audience is, I've been able to massively global audience. And we actually run a morning and they do the event twice in one day. They get up early, it starts at 6 a.m., it goes till noon, then they break, they have lunch, they nap, and then they come back, we run at, like, 6 to midnight or something like that. So we have done that, where we run the same thing twice, so it is doable, but it's a lot. Not everybody wants to do that. The replay piece is interesting. I mean, it never converts as well as live, even with the concierges, but it does convert. So if your primary, your audience is almost half and half. I mean, what North America was, what, 57%? So... That's the people who voted, but generally, 70 plus is $2 US. Yeah, so you really want to focus under U.S. hours. I mean, 11 a.m. is the best start time for U.S. markets. Like, just blended average. Sorry, 11 a.m. Eastern is the best start time for a U.S. audience, and generally, it works pretty well for a lot of our European audiences as well. It's different when you look at, like, that full, like, other side of the world, like, it's the middle, we're starting at the middle of the night, essentially, for them. So I think we have to take a look at your audience and decide. I mean, listen, if it were me and you're really worried about that, like, you don't think they'll reset their body clock, then I would run it in the best thing for the U.S. and offer the replay option. Maybe they pay a fee for that. I don't know. have to think through that. Oh, 11, Eastern time is New York time, so that is a time that we have in our DNA. It's just the length because after what we've seen in our events after the 4th hour, people start dropping a lot more. Yeah, when you said somewhat the structure of your event, too. Like, again, with accumulation effect and compounding, it's like, and we're telling them in advance, like, we don't wait till the morning end. Like, you should reset your body box. I'm so excited that you, you know, we have this many people coming in from India. We're gonna put you in a room together. We love you guys. You're gonna be amazing. Here's some tips for Risa and your buddy book. It's absolutely gonna be worth it. Give us 3 days, and we're gonna change the way you look at the world, change the way you look at AI. And the best news is you don't have to get on a plane. You don't have to get a hotel room. It truly is a free day event. We expect you to log on it this time. We can even have MCs that champion those rooms for them, but, I don't know, it's worth talking about, just making sure that we're making the right decisions for the right reasons. I'm back to sequence, because right now, our mind buddy audience is in, it's tuned towards the certain kind of summit model, right? How they have been educated. And this is slightly different. Like the communication that you're talking about, how do you foresee that's going to work for us? Like, how do we make sure that they adapt as well as we are? JD, I think I think we're going to deep into this conversation. Let's move on to question 12. We'll come deeper into it. We're getting too tactical, okay? How do you maintain your, okay, after successful 6000000 AI summit, what's the optimal cadence and topic progression for follow-up summits? Yeah, it's a great question. That one we're going to allocate a whole call too. And I think we probably need a couple hours. I like to look at what you've done and what the topics were, and the reviews that you got on them against an actual method, and who we would bring back. Okay. Because the optimal cadence is the one that I just showed you to do. What goes inside that cadence is where the artistry comes in, and figuring out what really earns a way onto the stage, especially if it's gonna be a four hour event. We have to make sure that every moment is really dialed in. So I think that's the one that's actually gonna take the most thought. Um, but not the cadence, but what we put inside the cadence, like, what topic, what speaker, for how long? doing what? Yeah. How do you maintain an edge when competitors copy your summit model? Well, I mean, listen, here's the reality. I think you're gonna see a ton of AI stuff. I mean, it's just a popular topic, and so you're gonna see people, you know, on that bandwagon. But I, this is not unlike the world that we've had before. I mean, how many people teach speaking? Right? Or how many people teach how to grow your business, or scale your business. With the audience, and this is why right fit client matters a lot, and the through line for messaging. The audience isn't just falling in love with your topic. They like the way you teach the topic. This is really about you, your voice, your vision, your community, and the like mindedness. So, like, I was used, you know, like, it was an interesting thing. We're doing a summit for Tony and Dean, and Grant Cardone decided to do one at the exact same time on the exact same topic. Ours was called Unbreakable. His was called Unshakable, or something like that. I mean, it was literally, like, you know, and he layered it right on top of us. It was a direct competition. It was supposed to be a direct hit, you know? And it didn't work, and the reason it didn't work is he was copying something that wasn't his, and it wasn't the right voice for him, and it wasn't, you know, wasn't in sync with his audience, and it felt really flat. We had one of our best summits ever and he did one of his worst. Wow. And it's nothing to do with Grant not being great at what he does. It has to do with voice tone and, you know, not doing something that is uniquely yours. So we talk about big wine, right, for the client, non negotiables, and your method. What starts to become established with my valley is, yeah, I know a lot of people teach AI, but I follow my valley because I love this show. I love the speakers he brings in. I love the approach they take to shepherd and me through this process. There are A other AI speakers, but there's no one like you doing what you do the way you do it. Amazing. Now, the next one is Beyond Summits. If you were vision, what would be your next evolution beyond perfecting the summit model? I think we can skip this question. That something my AI ask because my AI is also guiding my evolution. Well, I will tell you, what I think is interesting about this question. And I'd like to contemplate it, is when we look at your whole ecosystem, and this is about vision and not what any of the other team members think. This is just about you. And this one that you should think about, you don't have to answer right now. The passion that you had are around MPU. was palpable, and I really want you to think about, on your current campus, what belongs there and what doesn't, what's really working and what isn't. If you had to, like, you know, if you knew you had, this last year was your last on Earth, and this was gonna be the legacy that you were leaving, is this a good representation of who you are as a person, who you want this company to be seen and known for, and for the student that you love, and I know you do, I would often think of it this way. As a family member came to you and said, Listen, I really know that I need to mess with these four areas of my life. Like, I need to get better at manifesting, better at longevity, I want to live a long time. I really want to jump start a business, and I know AI is the way to do it. Like, just, for example, what would you recommend they do in what order? Like, what would you love this family number, and you want to really set them up for success and get the results as quickly as possible, so they're not wasting any time or money. What is the path that you would recommend? It's a good way to think about your right quick client. Like, you could craft the path, not that it's always gonna be perfect, or every student's gonna do the exact same path. But let's start with in a perfect world. What would that pass be, and what would be included, and what would be left behind? And it's hard. Like, we all struggle with this. It's hard to cut things that we love. I'm a gardener, and I've learned over time that if I want the best roses, I always have to cut them before I'm ready. I never wanna do it. There's still pretty blimbs on there. I really don't want to do it, but I know if I don't trim them back, I'm not gonna get the best whim the next year. I'm just gonna have a lot of bramble. And our businesses are a lot like that. Like they need pruning. And so now is a good time to be thinking about what needs to be pruned and what needs to get more light, more nutrients, some more, you know, more energy and attention. Perfect. Okay, that's amazing. We have 40 minutes left. We can stop sharing this one. I'm glad we answered these questions. Back to you, Eenie Marisha, JD. For me, on my part, I guess we can look at what would be the next steps for us. GP, is there anything pressing? So, the context here, we, um, we wanna, we need to start booking the speakers, so that's one that, for me, is a depressing, because that's, uh, my, uh, my area of responsibility, and a radio few of them have been asking me, so, am I confirmed? Am I flying to South Carolina? What am I doing? Um, and I'm a bit hesitant right now in confirming the speakers, because I feel like, am I biking? Enough, too little, too many. don't know what I need of them yet. So, what's your advice from this point onward in order to both give direction to the speakers and at the same time, much to be prepared to model, in a way that follows mythology? Yeah, I think that our next call should be next week, and I've given you an option of either Monday or Friday. I think we should look at that. Again, we could start at 7 or 8 AM, something like that. Um, to integrate the whole team. But the focus of that, and Monday may be too soon, so, I don't know, you have to tell me. But, um, what I would want to focus on there is, can we create a method for this AI? Like, is there a, if you look at what you love teaching and what you most want for this, right, the clarium right for client, what's the method that we get them, the outcome? Is it very on client, outcome, method to get the outcome, and then based on that, we layer the topics in, and then based on the topics, we learn the speakers in. So it's like wood speakers are best to present on the topics that are right to underline the method and create the ultimate outcome. And ideally, those are speakers that we know would be willing to be involved in the product that we're selling. At least some of this. The majority? I think I love that. Mm hmm. Because I think if first we need to close the method like in order to go with the speakers, and it's very important that the 1st like, and I know a lot will match also any, seeing the topics and everything. First, we should talk about the method because then everything will fall at place. Listen, maybe the right way to do it is, like, a call from 8 a.m. Eastern to 10 a.m. on Monday and on Friday, Monday would be to start anchoring it. Then you have a week to think about it or find it, and we come together Friday, nail it. So by the end of next week, we are fair, married, fixed, and clearing outcome, fair method here on speakers. And then you have everything you need to write your messaging and marketing, to confirm your speakers, and to kind of get us moving down next. Let's say that we would take the colon Monday, won't put me into a deep prepare for you, um, that would ensure that we make the most out of that. Yeah, the thing that I want you to be thinking of before the call is, who's the most right bit client? psychographics, demographics, biographics, That's gonna be a combination of your stats and reading the tea leaves. And then, what's the outcome that they most want? And the way to think about that is, what is the pain point? What is the solution you provide to get them through that pain point? And yeah, I'm just thinking out loud, very suggestive as well. I think, uh, because the report that we created on AI Mastery last year and all the data that we have, I think Monday we should just go deep into it with vision as well. And then Tuesday or Wednesday, once we have these questions that vary, ask, have certain accounts, then we can go and have a call with our family. I think we need to bloom in, we can test, and we, and any concierge, because they will give us more intel and the host on the on the psychographic and the biographic as well, because we have a screenshot of the demographics. So if we manage to do it on Monday morning and that we need Barry, my afternoon, your evening grade, if not, we'll have to wait until Friday, but I'm just a bit worried that it's gonna be too extended. Yeah. And by the way, as you're thinking about that, as you're contemplating it, is the offer the same offer or is that up for debate as well? It's. Okay. So I wouldn't worry too much about how long is this program? That's foreign fathers function. Once you know the right fit client and the outcome and the method, then you can decide how long you need to actually get the outcome. Maybe it's 30 days, maybe it's 60 days. Maybe it is six months. I don't know. But it wouldn't be locked in to try and figure out the timeline, because that's usually dictated by the outcome, right? And how you're gonna get there. So we worry about that. I also wouldn't worry about pricing. That's something that we'll know how to price it based on what it is we're delivering. So we worry about those things. I think the thing to really obsess on is who the person is that you want to work with, and what the pain point are is, and what the solutions are. That, the solutions are your method, right? It's like, you have this pain point, and if it makes it easier for you, methods, I think, generally should have no more than six steps. Hmm. Like a six step method. Now, it can have fewer, but the minute you get into more, I always always bucket them and collapse them or eliminate them and create a separate product. Because the average person, once you go past six, is just, like, how many steps, you know? So, and by the way, six steps later into the PhD, perfectly. If it were less than six steps, it also layers in really well. We have method for that, too. But I'd be thinking of that, like, just to give you a story by what are six steps to achieve the outcome that you were a rightful client once. Is that outcome build a clone? That's actually the how? Was a trick question. The outcome would be, save me time. That's the outcome of the what they want, the how is build the clone, or the how is learn chat GPT, or the how is have an AI assistant, or whatever it is, right? Um, so... What do you mean? Yeah. And I would not think about any speakers that you've already used. Should this should be dictated by who you already know or who you have access to that secondary? The primary is the outcome and how you're gonna deliver it. Yeah, yeah, I think we're very open to going into changing the speakers if you need to be. Barry. Yeah. Just a question on that. So Tony has the face of the company. How much of, say, the AI summit, is he speaking in and how much of his AI mastery is he speaking in versus, say, someone like Dean and um, um, that other guy? Yeah. Well, confidentially, you know, we limit Tony's time on stage because what he does on stage is really hard on his body. Yeah. And so, it's not the same answer for him that it would be for anybody else. For Dean, um, he's the primary. I mean, he is weaving the nuances together, and he's giving the anchor talks the offer and the repitch. And, you know, we need there to be an audition, that they have trust with you. Yeah. Can't believe in you. So that when you make the offer, it feels natural. I'm not a huge fan of other people making the offer. We have some programs where we're forced to do that. It's not my favorite. We make it work. So I think we have to look for where are the ambition moments where something that you love talking about, you're super passionate about. It sets the tone and the vision. It could be some of the mindset manifesting things. Also, you're so good at AI, could be, you know, your vision, like, your focus to, uh, your right quick client is, like, why does this matter right now? Why is this so important? Why is this critical to this moment in time? And why do you need to know it? And, you know, I think you said it earlier, but the hardest thing for you is you're so smart. and you've gone so deep in this, it's almost hard to swim upstream. But you have to think about this, as if you're explaining it to your children. Really, too, like... Got it. Got it. Yeah. Very simplified. One more add on. My kids are... My kids are Matt Geniuses. Yeah. My kids, a Matt Geniuses, who roll their eyes at me. They're all applying the Stanford, so it's not... The average American kid. Got it. One of the points to marry on this is like if vision is covering a lot of the content in, for example, summit, does it also need to reflect on the curriculum of the program? Or is that not a correlation? Yeah, no, it does. Like, in a perfect world, that is through line. Like, the method is the offer, the offer is the content, the content becomes the messaging. Like, that is what we're aiming for. And here's the thing. I used to see this all the time. It took me a while in this industry to figure this out. People would zigzag around, and they wonder where they weren't getting their conversions. And the reason was, they built the marketing. Then they put a bunch of hot content topics on their program, and then they'd have an offer. And they weren't aligned. It was, like, what we talked about here isn't that they were selling over here. I mean, big picture it was, but the nuance is work. And the minute that we aligned those, conversions became easier and better. And if you think about it, if I hear an offer that is something I've already experienced in love, and the offer is the promise of going deeper in that, of repetition, immersion, and love improvement practices. Am I more prone to want something they've already gotten a taste of, or something brand new that's like, Oh, that sounds interesting. Maybe I should invest in that. So our goal is to have that alignment so that we've been teaching them what they need. They don't know what they need. If you asked your average right fit client, this much I know is true, what do you need to know about AI? And they told you, I guarantee you vision was doing, let's say, an hour with them. It started, What do you need to know? And then he spent an hour with them. I bet by the end of the hour, he would have convinced them that something different than they thought it was, 'cause they really don't know. Yeah. Now, surveys are interesting, 'cause they tell you what they think they need to know, and then your job is to figure out how to actually deliver the outcome for what it actually is. Like, you know, I, here's a great example again from my students. My students would say, The thing I most need is to build a lab event. And I would say the thing you most need is to understand to right to a client and have better messaging. That will solve the root problem, which is you're not filling your live event. But they would actually go more toward, I need to know SEO. I need to know traffic. I need to know, like, funnels. I'm like, you know what, none of that's gonna help you if you have horrible messaging. You have the best funnel in the world, and I will look at their website, and be like, messaging problem. Like, I know, because I've looked at all my students' websites. You know what's your problem, your problem is? Horrible messaging, because you have a lack of clarity on yourself and your right fit client, and your primary outcome. And so you're writing all this copy, you ran it through AI, which gave you a word salad, you dropped it onto your website, and you can't understand why it's not converting. So what they'll tell you they need, and what you know they eat, or often two different things, but we're gonna sell them what they want, and then give them what they need. Yep. Great. Yeah. Okay, so, um, to Deepa, I would really be making the Barry on Monday. We still, me and you would have the whole day to work on a new, anything more that we can gather from, et cetera, et cetera, on demographic psychographies, et cetera. And then we have another touch point on Friday. Okay. So, Monday will be right for client, their primary outcome, and if you had to guess, oh, my goodness, what would the benefit be for that? I do way too many of this, apparently. So, um, what would the primary method be for that? And you don't have to worry. Let's also say, um, progress not perfection. I'm not looking for a perfect method of looking for a starting point, and then we can refine it together. So a question I often ask myself, is, like, if I did know, what would it be? We just need a starting point. It is gonna evolve regardless. So don't overthink it. And a lot of this, I really believe, is probably more here and here than it is in stats and data. I wouldn't spend, like, hours and hours and hours going through stats and data. I bet you between now and Monday, you already kind of know things here. based on the work you've already done, who you are as a company, who you've already served. then you even realize. Yeah. And we have also resources to talk into that I've been with the students from beginning to end of the journey, that can cost a lot of light on these, from a place of, this is why I know to be true about this audience, and not from data. Yeah, if we do that on Monday, then on Friday, we'll be in a good place to craft this PHD and assign the speakers. And that gives you what you need to start marketing this event, start getting this confirmation south. Yes. Yeah, 'cause we're, we're signing out the first invite on the 23rd of February. Is that correct? So next week we need to have it figured out. And this is for AI mastery? Yes. Okay. Got it. So we got to move fast. Yeah. Great, great, great. Any, keep in mind that I'm going to be traveling. 3rd week of February and then 4th week, I'm in my stand-up comedy class, so I'll be off. I won't have too many hours free for meetings. So I prefer to, as much as I'm happy to work on the evenings, but as much as you need, just take that into account. Next week you're still here, right? I'm here until February 14th. Then I'm on holiday, technically on holiday for 2 weeks. Barry, you said that in some meetings, vision would be really essential. I'll show up. Another one of those where we're eating there. I think the 2 next week are, once they have that, we can start doing some things based on that macro clarity, we can start now implementing the plan. Ini, this is this is so important to me. I want to show up for those meetings. Just keep one thing in mind. Every day, I'm teaching the AI accelerator class every day from 3 to 4 PM London. The 2nd half of the class, Vic and Tus can take over, but 3 to 4 p.m. London, every day I'm teaching that class. What time is that Eastern 3 to 4? I have to live. So today we started at midday London, Barry. Okay. So... Barry, what city are you in? I'll just give you the timing. Are you in New York? I'm in Charleston. I'm in South Carolina, but it's East Coast time zone. Yeah, New York Times. Okay. Okay, 3 p.m. London is 10 AM New York. Yeah, it's 5 o'clock your time. 10 AM New York, yeah. Also, another thing on Friday vision, you have accelerator and like 14 seminar. So Friday the 13th. So we could look at Thursday instead. Um, So, let me just check real quick, so, on Monday, 'cause that's the most pressing one, on Monday, an 8 a.m. start for Barry is a one p.m. start for vision. The provincial free, that means he's rolling right into his class, is that tilt tight? Too tight? Should we do seven to nine instead of eight to tend to give him a break? I think so. I think that would be best for him, because he is gonna need to prepare. Yes, we agree. So we're gonna do Monday, 12 PM, midday, to 2 PM. And then you... Sorry, you're talking about London time or Bari's time or New York time? Your time. I'm talking your time. Yeah, that's fine. I'm not done, midday, London, to 2 PM. Absolutely, absolutely. I just need you to send me the exact times because my calendar is booked, but I'm going to go and wipe things off. Now, did you say Monday? Monday. No, Monday I have 2 external meetings. I absolutely cannot cancel, but I can do... You have one hour free? Could that work for you? So it would be midday to one p.m. you have it free. Sorry, Ini, what date? Are you talking about Monday, February 9th? Monday the ninth, Monday the ninth. Okay, Monday, the ninth, I can do 11 AM to 12 PM. You need me for one hour? Yeah, but it's too early for that. Monday is a really bad day. Okay. Any other day except Monday. Yeah, Tuesday works. Tuesday is perfect. I had a lunch appointment that just got canceled, so Tuesday is perfect. So, I'm booking your vision for midday on Tuesday until 2 PM. Okay, on Sunday. Sorry, what is midday? Do you mean 12 p.m? 12 PM. Okay. Tuesday I'm free all the way until uh, 2 PM. So yeah, you can book me for 2 hours. Just go ahead and book for 2 hours. Mm-hmm. I'm doing it right now, okay? Okay, fantastic. And then the 2nd one would be when? Should be due Thursday, 12 to 2? Give me one second. I'm making sure it's on everyone's calendar. So, I send the invite for Tuesday, so you can already go ahead and exact division. Yeah, and then just then the other one can be Thursday. Same time? Yeah. Okay. 12 to 2 on Thursday. That great. Okay? I am working Thursday too. Yeah. Great. Excellent. Okay, I'm sending the invites party. them to you, too. Alex, I'm gonna exclude you moving forward. I don't think you have to be involved anymore at this point. It's really gonna be with Mauricia and JD mostly. No, don't think so. Oh, yeah, makes sense. Okay, I haven't seen that. I was checking the calendar. Okay, perfect. Thank you for this time today. Super, super helpful. Thank you, Barry. Thank you, buddy. You look, like, unspiteful. Have a great weekend. I'll talk to you soon. Okay, bye. Thank you. All right, bye.