Bari Advice 4




And we're like, even a published book. Yeah. I mean, even, like, your most trusted... There's some personal development is gonna show you the human side of AI. I mean, that's more specific. Whatever do, ever. Say math, after the new age of AI. Mastery is for high ticket offers. It's not for events. And then this is how it ends up feeling like a bait and switch. You told me I'd mastered at the event, and now you're telling me to master it, I have to spend $5,000, which one is it? So we never use mastery on a low ticket offer. is reserved for high ticket. And so I would immediately get rid of that. I would never, ever, ever use that. I said I'd circle back around the master. I wanted to make sure you heard that. And then I really think vision needs top billing. It's weird. He's not featured more prominently. If you look at hero shots, usually it's the person we want them to most know, and then everyone flanking them. versus him just being a big one of many. And then we have to go through... I just want you to follow this. What we have to go through to actually get to, what really matters, which is this. These are your outcomes. But pretty far down the page. We have to kind of weed through people that we don't know. And pretty, honestly, you know, it's a lot of stuff that all starts to sound the same. because, you know, is the same one, two, three, many. Um, And then we go back to this again. We do it again. But I would rather have this be higher. Yeah. That's, that's... um, so you've already, the author's first brother, then met with first. Yeah, I was going to say the thing. Near... It's very mirrored in the page. And, you know, something I really, again, this gets into right foot to my profile, but to say to a solopreneurial, you'll either use AI to grow or be replaced by those who do. Sorry, I didn't get... Well, this message is a little bit more, I think, focused on an employee than a solo comore. Like, this isn't, being replates is the solopreneur is not the thing we're most worried about. As an employee, it's a thing we're most worried about. But for a solopreneur, it's actually about, again, I think it gets into leverage. You know, how do I do things faster or simpler? Easier? Yeah, that's any solo print. Yeah, that's they have, so there's 2 banks of solopreneurs. I have no business, so I have tons of time or I have lots of business, so I have no time. The one we want is the person who buys a business with no time, because they can afford to do it, and they know the pain. Now, unless your business is helping you find new business, I mean, in case you want the person who has lots of find the note, no clients, right? So, again, nuance is a solopreneur. It sounded like your solopreneur is actually somewhat successful, and now needs to find new ways to create leverage in their business. And the interesting thing is, when I first started my company 22 years ago, the only way I could scale was to hire a human. And I had healthcare, and I had payroll, and I had computers to buy all these things. And now, in this day and age, what you can say to a solopreneur, is you literally have zero overhead. All you need is a computer and this knowledge. You never have to hire another employee is a better message. Like, you can grow without hiring a single employee. Every dollar you make, you keep. No time off, no healthcare, no 401k plan, no complaining, no onboarding, no offboarding, no they took all your secrets and decided to leave you and start their own business. They competed. None of the things that we all have to deal with, that we have employees. So, I mean, if you just kind of think about what you're so lopreneur, most worry about. Now, that's assuming it's solopreneur, so, you know, the thing to figure out, who's the person we most want to target? What is the biggest pain point they have? And what is the method we use to solve? Like, that's really the work we want to do. And then we want to have 10 ways to talk about that one thing. Here, this is pretty broad, if we go down here. You're gonna learn how to tend extra productivity, launch big ideas, master prompting, create content, turn AI into an income stream, and future proof your current business, and you're gonna master all of it. It's a big, big promise. Instead of, you could probably take one of these things, and here we have kind of a different set of promises, similar, but slightly different. Um... I think you could do a whole event just on that. And what you did that, I think you could sell them the next thing, which is this. And then the next thing, which is this, which kind of gets into your campus, and, like, once they find their way to you, they come to the AI summit, and they buy the first thing, the six month thing, what are they most likely to buy next? Do they renew? That six month thing? Or would they buy you a product? They buy a new product, could be anything another must be recertification or anything that comes across a lot of, not a lot, I would say, but around about 5 to 10% also redo mastery of GK. like AI mastery, some kind of like what we've seen from 3, 3, 3, 25. Because it's changing a lot as well, right? Like with time. So I think with this one silo of AI, something I'd be thinking of, is once they finish the six months, then what? They hop over to personal development or have the next AI chronic. Yeah, so if they're coming in, if they're coming in through our entrepreneurship track, this was the diagram I showed you earlier, then what we do is... We have, let me go back to the diagram. So if they're coming in through the entrepreneurship, it's called exponential entrepreneur. So this is where the 1st sale is the 2 to $300 mine valley membership for entrepreneurs. These are lots of entrepreneurship programs by Keith Perazi, Vern Harnish, and so on. And what happens is, um, here, We have an AI summit in March, and we have an entrepreneurship summit 6 months later. So one is AI mastery, one is entrepreneurship mastery. Entrepreneurship mastery is a lot of marketing, marketing, scaling, AI mastery is mainly AI. Just to another thing, just I want to highlight, as well, sorry, is the fact that every month we have one or the other, Summit or a promotion happening. We also have continuous promotions going on. So they could enroll with anything that might be proficient. But as mission said, I think majority is like, we structured this year as such, but they have continually in place. With entrepreneurship finishing, we can jump into AI, AI finishing, we can jump into entrepreneurship, but there's still other domains that we can cover. So... it's interesting. I was thinking of, just 'cause it's a brand, you probably know, it's an interesting way to think about it. is if you were to come... the first entry point to Tiffany's world is UPW, unleash the power within. It's really the gateway drug. So you come down the east of the power within, and we convince you during that, but there are four areas of your life you need to work on. You need to work on your life. which is your, like, physical health and vitality. You need to work on your wealth, which is how you put your money to work for you. You need to work on, um, your relationships, which is date with destiny. Like, your relationship with self and others. And then you need to work on your business 'cause it can fuel your wealth plan. Now, the majority of our people either want to own a business, do own a business, and just started a business, a small number, entrepreneurs. And they can benefit from business master, too. So we've convinced you you need these four things, and then we sell you a mastery program that has those four things. So, and we tell you, it doesn't matter what order you do them in, because you're basically trying to take these puzzle pieces and get them to work. So, if the first one you can go to is life mastery, great. If the first one you can go to is wealth master, great. First one, you can make it to a state of Destiny Great. First one you can make to a business mastery. Awesome. They all work together as part of this ecosystem of solving the biggest problems and patterns in your life, and having them co reinforce each other to do what is the essential outcome for Tony, which is create a brand new identity. Like, create the identity of the person that you're meant to be, and live into that. So if you look at your ultimate outcome on your campus, what is it? Like, what does mind value really stand for? Like, a student comes on our campus, the transformation we want to create in this world is, like, this is the ultimate reason that we exist as a company. And then, in support of that, are these areas, and this is how they work together. Do you look at it? that way? So, I think that's what Mission was showing with the pathways, and these are four pathways that we have gone deep in, like that we have selected this year, which is like longevity, AI and entrepreneurship, manifesting spirituality, and speaking. Yeah, each. It exists, indefinitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can do that in any way. but each is an identity. Each is an identity. And we arrived on these identities because of what our audience was asking for. But also because of the content historically that we were able to accumulate as a company. We started out in manifesting, because mind value became mind value because we got the license for the silver method. Which is that all 1960s program you probably are familiar with. And then number 2 is exponential entrepreneur. That came forth because of my passion for AI, and my excitement helping entrepreneurs deploy AI. We call it exponential entrepreneur, because we are bringing in technologies like AI. Now, the 3rd one is longevity, and that's because we are building a, we are building a whole new division called vibrantly, which is a pretty advanced longevity software. And we also have some great longevity programs. The audience is primarily women over 50. And then the 4th one is speaking an authority. Because a lot of people want to be mind valley speakers, want to speak on our stage. We have a partnership with Eric at Medes, where he teaches speaking and he's an incredible speaking teacher. And so these 4 identities are what are mysteries are focused on. Great. But they basically, find their way to one by, then find their way to next and buy it, then buy their right next and buy it. There was 2 ways, right? They can go into either any of the 4 billers or they can go deep into one, like what vision was showing as well. Like, yeah. How many of those? You don't have many of them do all four? Like, are due? Do you know, like, do we have this percent, do these, this, this, like... Well, we do. it. We just launch it. Sorry, so very, very nervous. Before it was a whole membership. Like, you got everything. Yeah, it's interesting. And speaking in authority, being loved together, you think, for your rape fit client, this solocopreneur woman over 50? Yeah, she needs to learn how to speak, regardless if she wants to be a stage speaker. She needs its presidents, authority, communication skills. And I'll tell you why we did that, Barry, because we have a company that does about 10 to 150000000 in revenue, and we certify coaches. And so we train about 6000 coaches a year, and this is a big, big, big ask from coaches. Yep, that makes sense. And recently, we brought in, we partnered with Eric at Medes to bring his speaking mastery program into our mastery format. And this is the program that has the highest completion rate. Yes. Growed up in the sense that they watch what you're doing. What's the? What's the biggest outcome for exponential entrepreneur? What are you teaching them to do there? So there are two things, but I'd say the biggest outcome is we have been teaching them how to build companies of the future. So companies powered by AI, companies, um, that are built to be lean, small teams, um, um, AI assistants. We teach the entrepreneur how to instantly upgrade their skills. They even go into vibe coding, so they learn how to build a website by talking to AI, they learn how to become an expert marketer. And then we have a really great teacher called Daniel Priestley, who's part of the program. He's the number one entrepreneurship speaker trainer in Europe, the UK. And so Daniel teaches teaches a ton of marketing models. Think of Daniel as the Alex Hamosi of the UK. Okay, okay, great. How many people have gone through exponential entrepreneur? So, exponential, so it's a new, it's a new category. Um, I can tell you how it's, we've not even launched it yet. This is what we are stepping into. Okay. But, um, Marisha, do you know what percentage of people on Mind Valley membership? By our entrepreneurship programs? So in total, we had 450 students vision, approximately, and said, No, JDB, you're answering the wrong question. We're talking about exponential entrepreneur, not entrepreneurship mastery. a wider thing. 30, 20 to 30% of the people who come onto Mine Valley. So entrepreneur, startup founder, and CEO of the 3 most of the 3 most common job titles in Mind Valley. Coaches number four. Um, I'd say, so our audience is overwhelmingly founders, entrepreneurs, and solo preneurs. And our biggest mastery is AI mastery. Most of them are founders, but the thing is that the way they come in is like, they're not coming in for the entrepreneurship program. They actually come in for like manifesting. A lot of spiritual programs, but they kind of overlap. So even people in a manifesting program are the people that are buying AI later. Yeah. Oh, that's so interesting. Yeah. Also, because that's our niche, right? Because we do spirituality really well. And we have any competitors. So we have, like, this independent experts, but we kind of bring everyone together, so we, because of that, we own this space. Just looking at a couple things. Sorry. My previous notes. So, future human is a longevity brand. Is it right? It's a intersection of three years. The way it was designed in its first edition, the intersection of these three years, was AI. Manifesting, and Jemiki. So the idea is the future human will have to really learn how to harness these 3 skills in order to thrive. But it's unimportant for this conversation. its clutter, because I may, I may change the very nature of that event in November. So it's not something, I would leave it out of this conversation. I think it just clutters up our thinking. It does a little bit. That's why I was asking. Yeah. Because I was just trying to figure out, you know, again, someone comes onto your campus and they're new to you and they're trying to figure out, where do I start? Where do I go? What do you stand for? What can I learn? And so, you know, when you're, depending on when they come onto your campus, is what they're gonna be most exposed to based on what you're promoting. Yeah. So, the majority, the ending point, the two main employees are all the membership programs, so the, all the ads that we need for membership and the soundings. I would say parties are really, like... Marisha, we can be safe to say 90% of our people comes to either membership or summits, one of these people. You're mutated. 9% of people from where? I can get it. I don't get the. I want audience. Comiscating to the ecosystem, so if you're at the right, yeah. If majority is, like, maybe... 85%... And membership. Yeah, so we had master classes and everything, and then in the room, we come from the summits. And so most of the membership comes from a master class. Yeah. Or they just want something? Yeah. Masterclass or VSL. Okay, master must be itself. Great, great. Okay. And then once they're in the membership, do they take a survey that helps direct them to where they should go first, or do they just kind of nose around and find things that are interesting? Well, the way we acquire them is through a particular program, a particular outcome. So they already kind of know what they want to consume first, but we also make them do an onboarding quiz. So we can understand what are their growth areas, and I recommend other follow-up programs to them. But they already have the clarity of business programs. From the onboarding list, do you know where most of them choose? Is there, like, an overwhelming majority or, like, I want to start here, and what is here? Silver, it's the silver, silver method program. That's by far the number one program in Mind Valley. I teach that. And how long does it take to go through it? Oh, it's 18 hours. It's a seminar. It's a weekend seminar that was converted into an online course. And what's the completion rate on that one? We don't know. We don't know, but I don't think it's very high, because it's a fairly intense program. But most people will get great results from just the 1st week or the 2nd week. They't have to go through all 4 weeks. But Barry, also some context, the majority of people start from sealed back, because that's also the BSL that performs the best. So they come to the accusation because of the product. That's what they've been exposed to first. Do you use any of that base level teaching, the biggest results come from the first two weeks, and your other programs, like, for example, the AI summit? What do you mean? Like, the foundational teachings that are in the first two weeks of the Silva method. Do you try back to those in programs like the AI summit? So, for example, in the opening of day one or day two, you're actually kind of grounding them in some of that same... I mean, if it's your most popular thing, they come to you for that, then find their way to other things. Do we leave that into other teachings, or does it just live over here? While silva is very... I mean, it's weaved in true meat. So I'm in, I'm a teacher in almost all programs, so I open up a mastery. I'll do the opening class for social media mastery. I bring the mindset principles of silva into all of the other masterries. And the big, the big shift is identity change. Great. Okay. Do we talk about embracing a different identity? Is they're going into something like AI? For example, a new way of thinking about themselves is a solicreneur. Mindset? But I thought we always demise that. A lot of our teachings, uh, there's a level of mindset, just webbing in. Okay. For me, it really, but... Always. I've been explicit around, this is the new identity of who you can become once to harness all this. So I'm also, we don't take them there emotionally. Yes, so it's not a new identity, it's a paradigm shift. So it's like a new way of thinking, you know? But in everything that we do, we always do talk about mindset, 'cause it's part of our teaching methodology, but Annie's right, it's never a massive identity ship, and we're not talking about it throughout the agenda. And it's not, you know, like, the way that Tony does it, where it's, like, really embodied, and you see yourself in the future becoming this person and all the things that can become available to you once you free up all of this time now. We kind of like include about how amazing it could be, the potential of it. Maybe vision even talks about the fact that now we can take one week off every month because it's really, you know, leverage AI. But do we have them embody that new identity and really feel that that's who they're gonna be now? Yeah, you're right. you right, Annie. After we go into, after we do maybe an opening class, it goes on to Bikintas, and Bikintas is an amazing teacher, but he's the technical guy. And he goes step by step and the students love him, but it's the technical aspects of AI. Yeah, we are quite brainy on this program specifically, but it's not very emotional. We are very academic. Yeah. And do you think you're right, Fit Client wants that? Like that's something they actually relate to? No, remember, Bari, our model, our model was European universities. That's just that's because where our team is. Our team was in Estonia and London. So a model was European universities. We did not actually have that much exposure to the digital marketing ecosystem in the US. I do now because of Dragonfly, but my exposure was to European University model. And that's why our system is so long, 5 months, so technical and so academic. Yeah. And it's also because at some point, we were positioned in my valet as the alternative to formal education, you know, and the harvest of the future. So I think you kind of like carry the beast in a legacy of how we were designing things, but we're definitely looking at things for different lenses now. And what is that lens now? Like as everything ends the future, what do you think you stand for based on where you've been and where you're going? Like you're a differentiator. I'd love provisions once for that. It's results and transformation. The most effective way for results, and the most effective way to transform yourself into the person who gets those results, which means new mental models. We call the models of reality, and then new habits for living, new practices that you can integrate into your day. So in the context of AI, a model of reality would be a concept such as record everything, like record everything, always have. So I always have, even this entire conversation, I have an extra iPhone just to record. Um, and it's constantly running. And then, and then, um, um, a system for living is a habit. So, for example, in the context of AI, a system for living would be to connect your your clawed code to your WhatsApp so you can ping your AI even when you are traveling. I'm giving a random example, but you get it. It's a belief, one is a belief, record everything is a belief, it's a mental model. The other one is a practice that you put into place. So that's how we teach our programs, all our programs follow models of reality and systems for living that overarching idea is called consciousness engineering. But, we don't bring that into our mastery. In our mastery, we tend to defer to the academic teachers we bring in, such as Casey from Google or Vicintas, or that lady from Amazon, and we defer to them. And they tend to be more academic, theoretical, more Silicon Valley. Is it a shift that you're trying to make overtly to get away from that? Yes. So are there any things on your campus that should go? Like, are relics of the old way of thinking? I think, Barry, the whole way in which we have, uh, looked at much after is until now, we've always thought, um, it's an alternative to doing a long master's. You can just, like, compress the timeline, come and learn with my body, right? So that's also why they've been structured in that way. So let's take social media mastery. Instead of focusing on one outcome. So all we were discussing about earlier, like Nourishto Hussein, we would then teach them everything. In six months, you're gonna learn the mindset of the creator, how to be confident of the camera, how to shoot an iPhone, how to reverse engineer virality, how to monetize, and it's so much that we are trying to shoot everywhere, like you were saying earlier. And I think we, this is what we want to build away from. Yeah, correct me wrong, but I believe where I'm the same page in this one. We wanna move away from this model where we're gonna teach you everything in one go, as if you are at university, you know, like we're not doing a university course on how to run a business. We are taking one problem that you have. I cannot scale above 100 K, and we want it to move towards the direct action, where maybe our answer to that is you really need to learn how to build the sales funnel. So, we are gonna teach you how to build a sales funnel, and in particular, how to run a webinar. It's just something that... Exactly. We've been talking about this morning. And the other thing, Barry, is that our model is long and complex for historical reasons, and we haven't innovated away from it. So I'll give you an example. When we 1st started teaching AI, it was 2023. And AI was very different back then. What we can now teach someone to do in one week. Back then, in 2023, when we started AI mastery, you needed 2 months. AI wasn't as easy to use and as developed as it is right now. Because, you know, 23 years have elapsed. And so that was another reason why AI mastery was 5 months. Now, the mistake we made is that we started because it was so successful, it did 9 million on its launch. We started templating it. So longevity mastery became 5 months, manifesting mastery became 5 months. We templated a model that we shouldn't have templated. And now the world has changed, and now, like you said, webinars that used to be 90 minutes and now 60 minutes. Now, I find our programs too damn long for me to be interested in completing. I want one month, or better yet, a few weeks. And so we became the victim of our early success, and we didn't innovate beyond that. Would you, would Marisha would you, would you agree with that? Is there anything you would add? No, but I completely agree with it, because I feel that, like, we overcomplicate it. We try to over deliver, um, and then what happens when I spoke to a lot of mastery students and what they say is they miss a class because there's so many classes in the week. So if you miss a class, then you feel like you're just completely motivated and you've completely thrown off the bandwagon. So we want to make it easy for them to catch, to catch up. We want to make it, like, layer on, because the class, it's okay. you can still continue in the next class. So kind of taste it out for them and we are we're not doing that. We, we, the problem is we always try to overdid over. And we also, and we also have a fear of charging money, like exactly. We always bought the price, and I don't answer, why are we always dropped the price? But we always think about lowering the price and giving more. And I don't understand why we do that when we should be charging more and getting people, and also that keeping the community there, you know, like engage, they pay, because also if you pay money, you show up, you, you take it seriously, right? So, um, so I feel like we, the pricing thing is always all over the place. And I... Sorry, did you, just because it's so nice. One of the reasons why we kept it 5 months is because we didn't know that we would have permission to keep that price point while making the program shorter. So these... Being one of the things that has also kept us stuck, I would say, to the... Yeah, that... I have toward Malaysia and then he said, like, is the fact that, like, what you started off the conversation with? Take it shorter that you're giving more out to in a short period. That's the thing. People want to save time at this moment of time. So, that should be the highlight in the lesser time, but I also believe that if you're teaching 5 things, each 5 things strong rather than trying to teach them 15 things, but they only get three at the end of day. So, I would rather see is, like, if you're teaching 5, it's all 5 be absorbed by everyone at the right now. Mm-hmm. I, well, okay, I'm going here for a reason. Is mine Valley U working? The 2 with diplone hybrid. Uh, working in what way? Meaning that you get, you've got 3,000 online and 1,600 in person, I think. It's gotta be because it's in person for that number of people, and not inexpensive program to run. Like, is the value there for you to do that? So, my money, you go, and we can get to speak with you. There's been a journey to the program, where we are right now, I would say, it's really, it was for, it was the place where, for all of our masters students, could not meet in person. This would have been last year, this was really the intention of the program. Every teacher you met online, and all the people you've done all of these mastery programs with, we are giving you a real life campus for you to eat. But it wasn't born that way. It was really born. It was an experiment in education that fishing is running. Yeah. And this you can speak to it. Yeah, so mind value, Barry, didn't start from business logic. It started from parenting methodology. I, uh, um, I, I, I had a habit when I was living in Malaysia, I had a habit of moving to a country over the summer for one month with my children. And one day I post on, well, I was going to Barcelona and I posted on Facebook, hey, I'm going to be in Barcelona with my kids. We want to learn Spanish and Catalan culture, any other families want to join us. And 300 families joined us in Barcelona. So very rapidly, I needed to build, um, uh, schooling system, classes for kids, and I called upon, and one of the things I do, um, better than anyone I know except Evan Pagan, is, so just like Evan has Dragonfly, I have my community called Hexagon, and it's made up of transformational teachers. And so I have incredible relationship capital with these teachers, Eric at Medes, Lisa Nichols. So I called upon these teachers to volunteer to come and teach the children's program in the teens program in Barcelona. That's how Mind Valley U started. It was a way for parents like us who believe in non-conventional education to come together, mastermind with each other, but also allow our kids to learn, and then we take turns teaching each other's kids. Now, mind value blew up. Now we do 2000 people, and this past year, ticket sales for 500% larger than normal. And so I do mind value out of passion, but now what we also do is during mind value, we open up the opportunity for people to sign up for mastery programs, and we do easily with no heavy pushing. We easily do one to 1500000 in mastery sales. Great, and what's your cost on that program? Mind Valley U. It cost about a 1000000 to put on, and the reason it's a 1000000 only is because the speakers speak for free. We just cover like, you know, like hotel and Airbnb. We pretty much cover it through tickets. And then there's a little bit and then we and then it's all profit from the mastery. Okay, great. Okay, good. And how is the online experience going there? It doesn't converge. Um... No, really, Super Risha had a lot of people conditioning. You want to speak to it quickly around the online experience of MU and the conversion rate there in the mastering. Yeah, but it's also so MBU was designed as an event just for the community. So it's for our members to come together and meet each other because a lot of, a lot of what we were saying before is not, is not just courses, it's a community. And the community on the product itself and the product, I mean, like the platform, died. Like, there is no community there because we used to have community managers and now we don't. So the community is actually the event. So last year we decided to sell at this event. I know it'll be so late in this event, the whole thing got really messed up because what happened is that they were very disjointed sessions. If some of the authors were, like, seating at their own products and their own other events, Um, and then there was an online experience, and the only experience was like, I don't know what I'm watching, because I could have, I actually went to this, I could have, it's the same experience, because I'm still seeing stage drops. Like there's nothing new. Um, and then we had a few workshops that did really well because the workshops were more experienced. But important thing, Marisha, you said it got messed up yet after the event, ticket sales for the next year went up 500%. So I don't think the event got messed up. People loved it, but that was that was also because we got so many amazing teachers. But we were not really optimizing for sales. So I just want to identify what you mean by messed up, because I think that definition is important. But more optimized for deals. And then I felt like it was, we didn't optimize the sales, we created a virtual experience, and we didn't optimize for that virtual experience either. So we basically didn't create the best experience for our customers. And what I felt like we should have done is we should have basically made the agenda properly and had, had the whole curriculum done of like, okay, these are talks, but also created a workshop agenda so that the people that attended, they felt like they had a different experience, and maybe the free, the free people that attended for free, because imagine we had a free experience with all these people signed up, and then they were coming in and out, and sometimes there were 50 people alive. Like, the whole point of attending was 1st to sell to them, but there was no incentive for them to stick throughout. So maybe what we should have done is had a free experience for everyone watching the stage talks, but if you want to attend the workshops, which are very unique and very new, you have to pay an extra premium. Which, again, we have a problem charging people. So we never had that experience. So I feel like it was never designed to be anything. It wasn't, it was then no longer the community thing that no longer, the online experience had come longer. But I don't know, I don't know, I think you guys are looking at it from a business perspective. I look at it from a position to share the world. If mind value lost money, like let's say it lost a quarter 1000000 a year, I would fund it out of my pocket because my, it's the favorite 2 weeks for my children. So I, and I get it, and I get as a business, we shouldn't be looking, looking at this, but I do it as a service to the world. Mind Valley creates incredible, incredible opportunities for, sorry, Mind Valley, you creates incredible opportunities for our authors. For 2 weeks, I have a 100 friends come down. It is the happiest 2 weeks of my life. So I don't want to fuck with it. Sorry, excuse the French, Barry. Now, can we make extra money from it by selling? Yes, but I, but it's not a sales event. Now, if we can plug in our mastery divisions over there, amazing. But I, I don't see it as messy. It's beautifully chaotic. It like Burning Man. It's meant to be that way. So all I'm saying is, don't, it's not men, you cannot look at this from the same lens of a business. Like summits, I do for money. Okay? It's business. Mind value, I do it for heart. There's no, sorry, just there's I don't think it's one or the other. Yeah. I think it's one or the other. I think you can provide the same experience and also make the money. I get it, I get it. I wanted to, and I know you guys get that. I wanted to make sure Bari understands that as well. It helped me a lot. This goes back to, remember we said Big Y and non-negotiables? So non-negotiables are what you won't do, but also what you will do. Like, uh, no matter how much you pay me, I won't do this. I would do this even if you didn't pay me. So what's really helpful to know is the place that this holds in your campus from for vision specifically, but also for your speakers in this hexagon audience. Yeah. For this, like a heartbeat event that probably... a lot of good things. Yeah, exactly. And Marsha, that's why I'm sorry I cut you off. because it goes back to Barry's initial question. What are your non- negotiables? And that's what I wanted to stress. Okay, but back to you guys. And, but so, yeah, let's hear from you. Sorry, go ahead. Finish your thoughts. Sorry. My point is that then it became nothing, because I actually love MBU. I love to attend it and it's beautiful. chaotic. But then we shouldn't have sold because when we sell, when we haven't crafted the agenda to make the sell, then what we're selling is like, oh, buy two, 3 get 3 credits for the price of two. So we actually diminish the actual programs of the experience. So for me, I just feel like we gotta make a call. Like, do we want to sell a not sell? I okay not setting. I don't, I don't need, I'm getting the money, right? So I'm fine with that, but it's just about, are we making this for community? Then we make it all about community. But if we want us, we need to curate the agenda so people feel like they're having their experience and in creating a desire for the product. Otherwise, it's not either here nor there. I think I think there's so, and Bari, this is where I would love for us to talk, and it was part of my brother conversation with you. MPU is a community event, end of the story. Like, we don't want to change the DNA. Asian doesn't want to change the DNA. It is an event that we do with the community in mind and that will stay because that's it's part of our remote. It's part of what we think are gonna, it's gonna help us in the future. It's really creating that royalty to this community. Having said that, it doesn't mean that we cannot have a limitation for people to take their journey deeper, either through mastery or through something else in person. What that best invitation is in a way that doesn't feel like I'm selling to you, I think there's room for us to discover it and to think about it in a more granular way. Without interfering with the DNA. I'm also okay as, you know, the person who is leading the event, saying, You know what? Maybe I will form a measure of success when you is not back in sales. how many people buy the tickets for next year? As long as we're all aligned, maybe our goal is setting up 70% of next year's ticket within the 1st week. And maybe we're okay with that. But DNA of the event remains a community event that's really where we nurture our relationship with speakers and with the audience. I ask a few questions. Which do they pay to come to this event? So there's no, actually, much less. There is a 2 week ticket, and there's a one week ticket. We are very, very cheap for the experience that we provide. So currently, in the hours last year, the average ticket price was around $1,200. I was looking at the numbers today. So, uh, currently, a regular ticket, um, is sold for, um, its loving right now, so it's taking the website that's take a while from the ticket. So here we go. One week ticket currently is 1500 for an adult, and two week tickets for an adult is 1900. 1999, yeah. So there's $500 species. And many people come with their children. Yeah. It's our kids and kids program sells out really fast. We have even 6 laws, obviously, because we need to care for the kids and we cannot bring that to scale, but yeah, it sells out. People sell out both kids and kids a lot. What's the average of one week versus 2 week? How many by one we committed by 2 week? Um, I don't know these numbers. It's approximately 60% by 2 weeks. Wow, it's incredible. Like, that's amazing. And it goes all day long or there's lots of downtime? How does it work? It all day longer. Yeah. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. is the programming, so we start the time, we ended 5 or is a 2 hour break for lunch, Monday to Friday, and then on Saturday, we have a party that is kids friendly. We also have an additional VIP party that happens during the week for VIP ticket holders, and we have 2 social events that happen during the week for everybody. It used to be until it used to be 4 weeks, then it went down to 3 weeks. Now we settle for 2 weeks. But yeah, it used to be, um, in 2024, 2022 to 2024 was 3 weeks long and people came for 3 weeks. So I think what's interesting about this, and we don't have to decide this today, but context is everything, and all these parts connect, because when you're out there marketing all year long, nothing's in the silo. Your marketing, your marketing, the list is getting this message, that message. I'm trying to uncover how all these parts work together. But I do think what's interesting is, I mean, listen, it is no small thing to get people to come with you for one week or two weeks. The fact that 60% do two weeks, and the sessions are that long, it says a lot about you and your community, and why this is such a passion project. The connection to hexagon, the speakers, and the certification is interesting. for who you stand for, right? It's, like, transformational leaders, and if you have the certification and speakers, and the great speakers are coming into hexagon, and now, you know, infusing their knowledge and everything into my valley. You, it's, like, really interesting. Like, that's sort of like this pet project thing that is the history of the company, the DNA of the founder, and what makes everything tick. And something to consider is not everything that's in person needs to be virtual, and not everything that works in person translates to virtual. So, one thing to really consider is whether it even makes sense, or maybe you stream one day, or maybe you could buy a 4 session pass, and you get to pick which sessions you attend. I mean, I don't know, but I could see it not holding together, just given the whole structure of the same person event. It feels like something that would be hard to livestream. And let me just say, like, in the old days before COVID, we tried for years to live stream from in-person events. It never worked well. It never converted well. And when COVID hit, we really, my husband and I thought, ugh, I mean, we should try virtual, but we know live stream is a disaster. So we don't have a lot of choices, so let's try it, but we were kind of worried that it would work. The reason that it worked right out of the eight is because there was no in person audience. And before, the in person was having an interactive experience, and the live stream was having a passive viewing experience. There's a reason why if you go to, like, a late night show, like Jimmy Fallon or whatever, you come in beforehand, you're prepped by the handlers. Then you're seated, and there's somebody comes out to get your energy up. And then they hold up signs and say, laugh, applause, because you are a passive viewing audience. Jimmy Fallon is only talking to the cameras and the people at home, as you should be. There are millions at home, and there are 300 people in the studio audience. He never looks at the studio audience. He doesn't care about the studio audience, but for most speakers in our world, if you put an in person audience in front of them, they're gonna pander to the in person lights. They cannot help themselves. It's like moths drawn to a light, and then immediately you take the masses, and you make them a passive viewing experience, which is what live streaming is. So you need to make sure that we're not calling a virtual event, what is really a live shared experience, a virtual event is a highly interactive, highly focused event experience, where there is tons of connection to the at home audience. And it's why we don't really believe in hybrids. I mean, you know, in all transparency, when COVID hit, switch to virtual, as we started to emerge from it, we started testing with some very specific controls, whether hybrid could work, and it never worked well. So the lower conversion rate, both in person and virtually when you're doing hybrids, or what sacrifices both audiences. And listen, we've tried everything from having two different MCs, one from person, one for virtual, different things for the virtual audience to, 'cause I can impersonate, it sees a 90 minute lunch break. A virtual audience doesn't. It's an eternity for a virtual audience. Right? So things like that, we'd have special programming for the virtual audience to keep the new games while the in-person audience was having lunch for dinner. And we tried everything. And when you did all the things, you could get conversions up a little bit, but the expense and the exhaustion that came from doing all the things, didn't really counterbalanced a little bit of uptick you'd get from doing all the things. So when you pull them apart, you're inherently gonna do better. In person will perform better by itself, virtual will perform better by itself. Yeah, the 2 again. Yeah, I think we should look at the numbers of how we did for mind value virtual, how many people came. I think we made like a quarter 1000000 selling virtual tickets, but I don't recall. Would somebody be able to pull that up for a next convo? I have it. Okay. I'll send you these numbers, but also what we saw, Barry, what was interesting is to deposit me, remember the something like 30% of online ticket holders ended up buying in-person ticket for this year. So it was quite an interesting and unexpected, to be honest, result. They did it again. I think it was around 20 or 30% or mutual ticket holders in 2025 and ended up buying an in-person ticket for my Bali University in 2026. And that was with 0 effort on our side on the virtual experience. So there is, I think, still something worth exploring there of, could we engineer the mutual experience? Maybe just doing a weekend, maybe just doing one day, there is completely like, here were the best sessions of mind value. You were gonna stream them for you, make that a mutual experience, and then focus on in-person while we are running the eventual person. I also like what Barry said about giving certain experiences, not the politic because it becomes too long virtually, but certain experiences that would make them create more. Like, most probably, as you said, the KPI being then being wanting to come to the in-person event. to support. Guys, just being conscious of time, this is important because we are in the last 3 minutes. So I put up, I recorded the 1st 3 hours. I've been recording every hour, and then what I did is I put that into my opus, and we have some really beautiful professional notes, alongside timelines, et cetera. And I just want to find out what Bari thinks at the next steps, because Bari may have to go in 3 minutes. Yeah, I thought we were going till 12, so I thought we had another hour, but... Oh no, that's fantastic. Yeah, I thought we were going till four, but no, I'm happy to do another hour. Uh, vision, I just want to name, Mauricia and JD. They love it. Yeah. One a.m. for them. I get it. I get it. I'm gonna keep it. I'm going to keep it optional from Rishha and Jadeep. I'm gonna keep it optional for them, but we are taking, as you can see, we're taking very detailed notes, but no, let's continue. This is awesome. So every hour the notes are being updated. I'm just going to send you guys this in the chat in case anybody wants to look at it. Um, this is the 1st 3 hours, so we don't have the last one hour. How do I send in the chat? Sorry, I'm not so. as a transmission, I think... Here we go. Okay, perfect. Okay, that's that's in the chat. Great. I'm just gonna add that to me. And then, Barry, 11 of the things is we had our AI, analyze everything, and come up with a set of questions that we should be asking you 15 questions. I think we can probably answer this really fast, but maybe we could save the last 20 minutes for those questions or if you want, I could bring up the questions now. Well, it's totally up to, to deep in Mauritia, because, uh, we're reporting it, so you can always come back and watch this last hour. Um, Or if you want to knock out those questions while you're here, and then we go into the last piece.