Bari-Hour-3

Then is they're selling the howl, not the what? So the focus really is selling the what, the outcome, not the how. And a great example of this, that Dean uses a lot, is, the moment the air conditioning came out in cars, and you're trying to sell it to people. And you said, Well, you know, this thing is gonna be flooded with Brion, it connects to this thing, and then this charge happens over here, and it runs through here, and then it comes up, it's gonna actually come out of these fence and into your car. Or is that a better way to sell it, or is it easier to say when it's hot outside, it's gonna be cold inside? Wait, what's the outcome there, right? They don't care how the air conditioning is happening. They want to know when it's hot outside, it's cold inside. So it's a really simple example of selling the what, not the how. So what you'd be thinking about, what your wife, um, people aren't buying your method, they're buying outcome, the method they create. And so if we use this as an example, what we ultimately decided, after a lot of going back and forth about our jewelry, was what she most wanted, was more time and more leverage, so that she could get more success. So we weren't really selling AI. We were selling freedom through leverage. And our mission was to help her get 15 hours a week back. So it became her outcome. What could I do if I got 15 hours a week back? A lot of what we did on day one is, what would you do if you got 15 hours a week back and post it in the chat? And again, most of what they posted was personal, not work. It wasn't, like, I worked 15 hours more. It was I had more time to spend on my life and my family. So all roads lead to getting 15 hours a week back. Like, that's the journey that we're taking them on right away, and then the offer, the how we're gonna do that, is an AI clone that will help you get 15 hours a week back. We never marketed clone. We never even marketed 15 hours back a week. We marketed more time and more leverage as accelerated success. Like, we marketed selling freedom through leverage. They knew AI was gonna be the path, they didn't know how. And then ultimately, we... had them, you know, if you look at the offer, go to join AIBootCamp.com, build your AI clean in 30 days. That's through line. They were prepped and ready for that offer. And this counter that we integrated actually led to emotion, and then being part of a movement. They were so engraved in all words laid to 15 hours back a week. Every time someone bought, this counts, I would add $720, so we would be a million hours saved, $2 million hours saved, a million hours saved. It became their movement. People would start to be like, I'm buying right now. I'm buying, I'm buying. We're gonna hit 3 million. We're gonna hit 4 million. We're gonna hit 5 million. Like it became their cause, not just our cause. I love the timer, firing. Wow, that's like... Such a great idea. that community of, yes, a part of this. I'm curious, as you see these, do you feel we made a mistake in marketing, learn how to build your phone? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. If you think about the 1st AI mastery that we did, it was literally 15 hours saved. It was gained back 2 days every week. And we were able to deliver that. That's 15 hours, right? The average person works 7.5 hours a day. So, and that's why we did a $9000000 launch. However, we were selling a $6000 five-month program and it got really complex towards the end. I mean, if they really completed it, they probably would have saved 30 hours, but most people hit a block, including me, I couldn't complete our own program. It got hypertechnical towards the end. Um, so I think with AI accelerator, I'm looking at the cloning page right now, and my god, the headline sucks because the headline says AI accelerator. And then the subheadline, which is super tiny, says build 5 AI clones that give you 20 to 40 hours back every week. It's not specific and you're hitting the credularity ceiling. 20 to 40 hours now, that's my entire week. I don't even know if I want all my work to disappear. It should have just said... It actually feels a little overwhelming. It's very overwhelming. I mean, we can actually teach you that, but it's super overwhelming. We might start a blink clone, and then we can get you an army. where did the copy come from? Was it AI derived copy? Did we have map or me working on the copy? It was AI drive? Yeah, so we got to make sure that we have a human in the loop. Right. 100%. I can't emphasize that enough. A lot of the copy that you're about to see was supported by our ideas and AI, and it went through... I'm not exaggerating when I say probably five refinements of back and forth scripts. Yeah. And I think you'll see what that gets you in just a second. Yeah, Maurice. Yeah, Marisha, did you check this copy and the angle and everything? Did you go through it personally? Because I think that's going to be very important, Marisha. So to... Yeah. I went I went through the key messaging. I didn't go through the page specifically. Okay, so let's make sure we do this. Maris Shah, we will never deploy your page unless you go through it. Like, like, we, we, we need one mind, and uh, and Barry Mersha has been doing this for for over a decade. She's also my cousin. That's why her last name is Lakiani. She's the head of Growth of Mind Valley. and she's very good at it. yeah And I was gonna say, like, with that experience in the company, I call it reading the tea leaves, but you know nuances that no matter how amazing AI is, it won't know what you know. And so just putting that human inflection on it to make sure it sounds like you, like creating that voice, um, for the company, and, you know, AI can be trained, like, obviously, you upload things, it starts to sound more like you, but then it's making sure there's a certain cadence to AI that I think we're all starting to catch onto. And it's an interesting thing. I use this example. I would go to Lantern, not maybe more for the women and for the men, but, um, I don't really like Nicole Kidman as an actress, and I've been watching, I was watching a show that had her in it. I had to stop watching it, because I started to become so distracted by her face that I couldn't follow what was happening in the show, 'cause my brain was trying to solve what is going on with her face. Like, there is something that she has done to her face that is super inhuman and distracting. And I think, as humans, we are constantly scanning and looking for human things, and when things aren't human, we're, like, there's, like, a subtlety that we know. So if you're over Botox, or, you know, overlifted, or whatever, it's like, Yeah, you do look ageless, but also, something's just not quite right. Like, same thing, how so much it in her innocent. Like, what is happening with your face? I can't even pay attention to the show because of your face. I'm using that example because it's so overt, and I think the same thing is happening with AI coffee. It's like there's something, it's correct. It's not, right? Like there's something off. And so I think we really have to always put that human inflection on it. It needs to be a little less perfect, a little bit more you, and there's just a cadence to it that you'll start to see that. I think you have to bite against, um, so, obsessing over through line, um, one of the things that we took away from the Hermosi launch is focusing on one clear belief explained in ways. Like, we sat down with Alex for a day after his lunch, and what Dean and I walked away with is one clear belief explained 10 ways. A lot of times, we try to explain 10 things, one way, instead of one clear blade, 10 different ways, so that all words lead to the same outcome. So, through line, what we've been talking about is you and your right fit client, infuses your offer, and uses your content, and fuses your messaging. And now that you understand it conceptually, here's an example of what it sounds like on front end marketing, and the first session of the event, which mirrors from one another. We're gonna help this community buy back over 3 million hours in the next 12 months. That's 15 hours a week back in your pocket. Hours that you can reinvest in your business, your health, your family, or your creativity. Raise your hand or put yes in the chat, if you've ever said, I wish I could clone myself. We're seeding clones. We never mentioned clone. We not talking about selling a clone. This is seating. Or if I only had 48 hours in a day, of course you have, because more time is the foundation for more success. But here's the secret. Time alone isn't enough. When you combine more time with more than beverage, that's when you accelerate your success. Think of a farmer back in the 1800s, with hand tools planning an acre, took 40 hours of back break and labor. Even with more time, maybe he manages two acres, but give him a tractor, and suddenly that same acre takes 30 minutes. That's 50 times more productivity with the same effort. Leverage is simply walking up the stairs or walking up an escalator. Same effort, but way better and faster results on the escalator. And that's what brought us, and what's brought that out to us more than anyone thing in history, new tech, used effectively. The wheel, the electricity, the telephone, the internet, those who got out in front and adapted fast one, and those that waited, well, history wasn't as kind to them, and now it's AI, and this time, the adoption cycle is no longer decades, it's weeks. So what we're doing here is setting the tone for all the things and demystifying the text. You're already using tech. Tech has already supported you. Tech has already made your role better. Tech is not the enemy. It's actually the thing that gives you the thing you most want, which is more time, more leverage. more success. So if we can have them adopting that viewpoint, we've demystified technology right away. I never looked at it that way. AI is just the next thing. Um, I love how you remove the emotional charge, because there's a lot of emotional charge towards AI. There is, of course, a lot of people, there's an inside projection. No, I don't want a part of this world. What's going to happen with humanity, et cetera, et cetera. So you dimisted, it took away your emotional charge by just talking about the farmer and the acres and the wheel and electricity, because nobody would go, like, electricity was terrible for humanity. It was very brilliant. Thank you. Yeah, we used an example too, like, uh, it was, it was, this came out of a conversation I would date. I'm like, when I 1st graduated from college and I wanted to send a letter out to my membership, I worked for a trade association. I had to type the letter, I had to send it to the printer room, walk down to the printer room, and look at the letter, like, Oh, there's a typo. Go back to my desk, redo the letter. Send it to the printer room. I will get it. Okay, now it's right. Now I'd have to run the copies. Then I'd have to print the labels. Then they have to fold it, put it on both, put the labels on, take it to the mail room. And while, you know, I was in those early years of working, faxing came out. And you could fax things instead of mail them. Now, if someone in my membership would say, Could you fax it to me? And I was like, No, but I'll mail it to you. Youll have it in a few days. Like, no, fax it. You have it. I have it an hour. Yeah, no, I don't know how to do that. I'm gonna mail it to you. They'd be so frustrated. So I learned faxing. Then Emo, and now. Hey, could you email it to me? No, no, but in just a bit, I'll walk over to the fax machine and fax it to you. No, no, you know it to me. And then I'll have it instantly, and we can review it together, and we can edit it. Like, you couldn't not do it. And I think that's kind of what we're in right now, is, like, the world is changing, and you can't just be like, no, I don't know how to do that, I'm gonna do it the whole way. Like, you have to do the new way. Oh, that's a beautiful way of saying that. Yeah, yeah, using examples that are real world that go, uh, oh, right. Because I think one thing that a lot of people are missing and AI right now, especially if you have a newbie audience, is just because they've shown up doesn't mean they're not afraid of it. They may be showing up because they're afraid of it. And so we have to actually demystify that instead of assuming that everyone's on the AI bandwagon, it can't wait. So the next thing is time is a tool. So our focus on time as a tool is compressing decades into days. So the next thing we did was momentum beats duration. We kind of beat that message home constantly. So when we got to the offer that we were doing, what normally would take six months in 30 days. Shorter horizon, faster decision, time becomes the enemy, time becomes the tool. It can work for you or work against you. What we're doing a year, because we don't have time to wait with AI, is compressing your success window, so it's a 30 day virtual experience with six interactive workshops led by me, Igor, and top experts. We walk away with the custom AI clans system, but to think like you, work for you, and most importantly, give you back time for what matters most. And every expert that was featured here, but someone who spoke on a program, consistent with our free line, coached by us on their topic, nothing made it to the stage. They have reviewed the slides, and they have to present it in advance to us, so we knew exactly how it was gonna unfold and support the offer. When the audience fell in love with Dean and Igor, the company he bought, Igor's bleeding, his AI team, and then these speakers, like, Well, I get Dean, I get Igor, and I get the speakers I already fell in love with here. Fantastic. And I get it 30 days. Awesome. So, this is how you make that analogy. If we told you it would take six months and cost 3,000 to build this, there would still be a steal. But we can press that entire journey into 30 days, no extra hires, no confusion, no wasted months, and it's designed to meet you where you are. Wouldn't you pay even more for the faster timeline? Because you know, time is money. You're not paying for information. Youre buying results, speed, clarity, and a system that pays you back every single week. And then we move to another thing we learned from the remote, see, launches, some complicity converts. One of the things Alex said that really stuck with me is, if you have to explain it, cut it. Like, if it's, like, complexity kills, if you have to explain it, cut it. Talk to them like they're a fourth grader. So one offer, 10 angles, no value stack, no feature stack, no buffet, just paying for compressed time. This was the simplest software we've ever done. It had the least deliverables we've ever had. It had a very simple bonus strip lecture, three months inside our club for continuity, and the billion dollar blueprint. that Tony and Dana designed, with a really simple off race. what used to be six months for this exact same payment plan. Now it became for 30 days, and then we were gonna sell the complex thing on the back end. So the six month thing goes on the back of the 30 day thing, 'cause now they're ready for the six month day. Now they have a clone. Now they want to know how to use the clone, how to build another clone, how to have a clone for other areas of their life. So, we had started, originally, like, we're gonna sell them a clone in every area, kind of like you, five clones. It was actually gonna be six. And, like, that is way too much for Julie. We need to get her A clone, and then after that, she's gonna want to know how to be consistent with her phone, how to update her phone, how to make her phone better, how to have another clone, how to have a clone in different areas of her life, which was the next thing that we sold. So psychological planning, um, Cody Sanchez said this to me, and she's like, You are the best at teaching behaviors who want them to adopt. Like, that is literally what we're trying to do. Is it grain them in the behavior? We want them to make their own. So part of how we do that is tell them how we want them to think about things. So this is a great example of the Q and A you could use in a webinar or in a three day event. When it was time for my team, tells me, like Felipe said, I feel like I need more clarity before committing. Well, it's a great question. The truth is clarity comes after action, not before. Waiting won't make things clearer. It just costs you time and opportunity. This program gives you the clarity, you won't put, because you're implementing, not guessing. It's a behavior we want them to adopt. Sorry, I missed one big question. What will your client actually look like? So to be 100% clear, we're gonna build foundational DNA of your clone on ChatGPT. You will own it, and then we combine that with strategic tools to bring it to life. 30 days later, it'll be your version of what the AI surfer, Ali, Igor, Sabrina, and all our speakers showed you over the last three days. Those were experts who spoke and were gonna be in the program. Chuck Gass will report to be recorded. Yes, absolutely. So you can see here how we're telling them how we want them to fake. We been teaching it from the very beginning, that very first session, and then we echo that over the course of the programs. This is a good example to type back to what we were talking about earlier. Yeah. And then be careful, Barry, exactly what she said now. This is the type of priming that we don't do to help this itself. Yeah, and you keep more concept that you keep repeating. I love the sandra. The same thing, it had ways, like same belief, it had ways, rather than, we currently do 10 beliefs in one way, right? So vision, I think the speakers can and should support you so much more in griming the audience for the sales that we're doing right now. So, Barry, I'm sure we'll get to these in the world map, but I would love to... I am very happy to step by with my team and let your team prime our speaker. This, um, in the area. Yes. We can do it, of course, together, but, like, I really want to see how you guide speakers to have them deliver the outcome you want. Because now, I don't think that this is, like, absolutely a criticism to my own work and my team as well, but I don't think we are doing that in the way that we should, because we don't have clarity on what's the one outcome they need to bring home, other than delivering the knowledge. We're asking them to eat. But they're not helping me. That, like, that, for sure, by Judeep, I would say, there's not health conditions, so. Yeah, I think one of them, that, um, ballet said was the fact they're all trying to fix their mechanism, right? And it's just pointed blow. Yeah. I miss a session. I should feel like social session when, like, I'm being off. It should be a continuity, that needs to be towards in our attraction, our time. So, so we have to stop... I'm saying we have to, in the way, we are selecting speakers isn't working. Like, for example, when we did social media summit, we have Chris Dow, who's one of the top branding advisors in the world, but his formula for branding is take a contrarian approach. So a whole event was about going viral. Chris gets on stage and said, don't go viral. And he thinks he's being smart, but he just fucked up our entire sales messaging. Yes. And so, and so we have to do that because every speaker is trying to stand out and sometimes to stand out, you have a contrarian response. And so the way we are picking speakers is not working. I mean, I think we introduced the Bakers to whittle it down to the steps that we have on stage. And what we were interviewing for is, a lot of them would, they were really brilliant in AI. They weren't good at explaining it. And so we knew that, for our Julie, we needed somebody who could talk in really simple terms. And we said that to them, you know, so, again, just we'll spend a minute on this. Of course, it's right, right? I'd love to be involved in prepating speakers, because it's through line. And the thing that we would do is, like, just want to remind you, here's our right fit student. This is who's in the room. This is the outcome of the event. This is the method that we're teaching. This is how you fit into it, and why we chose you, and asked to be part of the program. This is the high level things we'd like for you to do based on what we know of you and your work. Now let's talk about how you integrate it. Okay, awesome. Now that we're clear, your side deck is due by the state, and we're gonna review it together to make sure that at some point. Yes. So I think a lot of times, they don't, another thing, too, is, like, they don't know what's before and after them. They only know their moment in time. It's like, you're at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, and you have 40 minutes, instead of, and before you, this show is gonna be teeing up, da, da, da. And after you, we have this happening. You're sandwiched in between for a reason, because, you know, even the best speaker without cont... Tags can do exactly what vision's talking about, which is upset the whole Apple cart. Yeah. I think it's that sound interesting. One, to your point, clarity on who's the person we're talking to. We currently don't have the formularity, and that's what we want to catch with you. The 2nd is a lack of method. Because we don't have the method, then the one thing we do is utilize the speaker's market ability to have them to attract audience, which is what we've always done. That's why we invite Pancho and Toby Spencer. But, of course, sometimes inviting someone like Joe might be incredibly counterproductive to our math, but because Joe has his method. And that's what he's known for. So he's not gonna deliver our methods, because that's just not what your expense is gonna do. It's not gonna... And here's the key, too. Very few speakers will deliver your method, which is why it's so important to know that they're so aligned with your method that just by them doing their best work, it's already your method. You know what I mean? Like, that's the case. So, listen, I... Yeah. I'm gonna make sure that we are aligning this. Without the method, we cannot have an accurate speaker selection, because what are we collecting them for? Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yes, yeah. So it works, it works for like manifesting mastery. Because we have me and Reagan, and me and Reagan are the scaffolding for the method, and a lot of other people are guests, but even then they are integrated in the method, but it certainly does not work for a lot of other masterries. So, we should call again an analysis on this as well. The 2 programs, the curriculum of why stood out and had a structure where basically one was manifesting, and 2nd was speaking. Because then it has a framework, most problem. Yes, Eric does. Yeah. we need to build, like, those frameworks and mine value framework, and get the right speakers that need to fit those pointers in place. Anything with an extreme expert, like someone's a big name, you have an amazing following and a really big audience. It's a good, They must want to be on your stage. And so we are not, uh, casual about saying, there's no sales, it's not about you. Your job is to edify us and help us with this ultimate goal, which is to get people into this program, and we'll return the favor for you. And we do. You have to mean it. But we have that quid pro quo with our speakers. Like, if you come on our stage, your job is only to support us, not to sell you. And when it's my time to be on your stage, I'll return the favor. And if there isn't Sorry, but... I was just gonna say, addition doesn't speak on other stages, then there isn't that quid pro quo, then maybe you pay them, and it's clear in the contract terms. And then the agreement before you ever get started that that's what's expected from them. No sales, no self promotion, no sneaky self promotion, no, like, you know, your Instagram handle at the bottom of the page, or you're, oh, who's loving this? Would you like the copy of these slides? Here's a QR code, and it's an option. Like, none of that. Like, that is a hard no. We, we, absolutely, is Korean Afghan school, that, so there's no self promotion, even when they put the books, we even remove that. However, I want to ask you something. without getting into too much deepest, but could you give me a ballpark number of a high caliber speaker with a very well-known brand? that you would invite. Tell them, no selling at my event. This is what I needed to deliver. Like, what would be the compensation, like a ballpark number for a 45 minute slot? That varies widely. It really does. And I will tell you that for most of my clients, like, if I look at Cody Sanchez, Pace Morby, you know, Dean Grazio, C, Tony Robbins, it's rare that we're paying a speaker. It's really rare. They are usually favors in relationships. versus... Yeah, yeah, yeah, more. I mean, much like you. I mean, it's a coveted stage. I mean, you're getting a huge audience. Yeah. Yeah, and Annie, we don't have to pay speak us as well. We pay because we are nice. We pay a small fee, but we don't have to pay speakers. Almost everyone will like speak for speak to us for free. Yeah, I think you have that kind of brand, and I think it's a good exercise because the favor actually makes it easier on some levels. Yeah, payment. It's like, you're a friend of or inviting you. We'd like to share you in our message on our stage, are gonna be exposed to X number of students in this area. Like, who doesn't want that? Yeah, every time you even if they're not allowed to sell. Yeah, every time we pay a speaker, ED, you switch from, um, from like human relationship to transactional relationships. So it actually causes problems for us in the future. I think it's true. But, you know, someone like a Gwyneth, you're gonna have to pay, right? I think for any of these industry folks, they should just be elated to be featured as an expert in your program alongside vision, and, you know, whoever the other speakers are gonna be. Barry, I'd love for us to have a bit of a deep dive season, another time, where I can share some of the challenges with that, and I'd love your insight. Yes, absolutely. Happy to. It's, I think, just to carry the 3 line fully through, it's, like, this is an example of wrong fit client for shoes to the dollar, when you get into the good content, I feel behind. I learn this in elementary school. I could actually teach this better. We show you a better way to do this in my program. But our right fit client, and this is where you know you've landed it, is yesterday's session opened my eyes. My biggest takeler is realizing I can clue myself using AI. This is about replacing me. It's not amplifying my impact. People who make decisions quickly are successful. AI is the brush. The potential is the masterpiece. Igor's got me thinking about subscriptions and how I can use AI to scout out deals. My biggest takeaway was overall sensation, and suddenly in my nervous system. I really appreciate the three day opportunity to take a look at AI, break it down into smaller tangible pieces, learn and create a more tangible game plan. I love the, for examples of how AI can help me. Those were all from day one takeaways. And when we think of through line, it's like, what do we want, our right fit client to be saying at the end of day one, at the end of day two, at the end of day three? Like, knowing that allows you to reverse engineer the content to create that answer. So, you know, I think a big piece of our work to do together is getting really clear on who the person is. This might go back to what you dropped in the chat. Um, and the outcome they most want. Is it still the same way from three years ago, or has it evolved? It's another question to be asking. The home green soviet before, and the audience were fine. I was almost very similar, because we've seen it with every summit mastery, I think, in a street, um, or we know. But, Can you see my streamers? Oh, sorry, is this... I am sharing this one, right? Is this what you get? Is that what you wanted to share, the one you gave me? I think that's the one. Yeah, yeah, Barry. Uh, you're Sherry? Yes, we're senior screen, yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, that's the one. Okay. So this one was, when was this in 25? You did how many in 25 too? One, two, one. Okay. So, AI, we had... So, 1567 customers, was that buyers, or that's...? Iris. Okay. And when you say 193 survey matches, what does that mean? So you were just, how their correlation is with the survey registrations, and how did they work around? And would you agree that the person you most want to work with is the entrepreneur and business owner? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yep, that was 45% of the audiences, if you look at the dash, like the thing, and they are still overwhelmed with a lot of common. And keep in mind, solopreneur is way different than I have a team of two, I have a team of five, I have a team of ten, I have a team of 20. I have a team of 10. So it's, like, vastly different. So when I heard Solopreneur, when we say entrepreneur, business owner, you know, a solo protocol, or it's in way different boat. I think even breaking this down would be super helpful. If you went wrong, the organizational scheduled. Yeah, the vast majority of the respondents are solopreneurs, and this is true across all of our programs, even when vision teaches entrepreneurship, we have even more than learning care. Alternately, a majority of them is sorepreneurs, but the majority of them is not making more than 100K a year. So, that's very much the profile, the title, that one mission was starting an entrepreneur, CEO, and being misleading, because they call themselves CEO, but they're actually, they're actually sort of a nursing. Yeah, yeah. I don't know whether Barry or Sharing is being or not. I, because I'm not... It may be, sometimes it goes into a little box at the time. Yeah, you're gonna paint it. You gotta paint it. I was like... Yeah, so, you know, even here, we go to 45%. This is already using API. Is that the person that we want? And again, I don't... I know this seems counterintuitive, but I don't want you to focus on who you have. I want you to focus on who you want. So, when we look at this AI period central power, do we are we trying to attract the person who already uses AI, wants to grow using AI, but is just overwhelmed by too many options? Are we trying to get the person AI curious? I need to know how to integrate AI. What's the first step in bringing AI in? Because, again, nuance is the matter. I believe for mine, it would be, yeah, curious, what at the early stage of AI, but still confused of how to go ahead with it. How to utilize in their life because there's too many options. Like, I was just telling somebody 2 days ago, like, I keep touching my badden child, because I just forgot about it since I moved towards Plant. But I think I'm still a slightly higher level in terms of AI. A lot of people, because I understand the audience is 45 to C to 5 masters at the point point, right? Their technology is not that good. So they're just trying to gamble or understand of how they can work around with it. So these are people who are curious, and we can convert them towards getting their 1st optimist saving, the crime, to work on other things. Me, family time or anything. That would be for me. But more than I think the audience is. You see, the, the, so this one thing, the, so you'll keep why, what were missing names? Why are they curious? What is it that they make the dimension? And we don't know that. Um, some may be curious, you know, because they do want to, they, to make 100 grand, they work 60 yards a 60 other week, and they have no time frame. Some may want to grow the business from 100 K to 200 K. And that's why you're curious. But we don't know why, and we need to sell the Y in order to prepare and to package the rest, right? Being curious is not a reason to buy. Yeah. Yeah, and even, I think, in the moment we're in right now, even using AI, generically, is dangerous, because, you know, are they using open claw, and they've already started to dabble in frontier, and it was just released yesterday, and that's what they're curious about, or they're, like, yeah, I opened Claude once, and I typed something into it, and then I freaked out and left, you know what I mean? Like, what is the, what is AI? Like, we kind of have to define that to know who the person is. And I wanted to say, this is also difficult to get speakers have got back to Egypt, because they were like, how am I meant to deliver a class when there's part of my audience that barely knows how to turn on a laptop, and another one that wants to learn MNA, A, N, N, A, N, work? You know. And they have a really hard time with that because, again, the polarization that we saw on the summit, in terms of like, I love it, I hate it. I'm overwhelmed. It's absolutely amazing. It's crazy, then partially carries over into the mastery. So even guiding speakers into, this is where I needed to train them on, specifically because again, we haven't worked on the exact method. is it's a challenge. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I really think of my right big client as like the bow of the boat cutting through the ocean. There's a vast ocean out there, with a lot of competing interests, and so we're, like, the bow of the boat will cut through. The person we most need to be focused on. What we'll catch in the wake are some other people who were like, Oh, I'm interested in that, too, even though they're not the most right fit, we're so interested in them. They still work. And that's kind of swimming upstream. You could say, when you look at this... What's similar about these three, anyway, is they, Well, these two say they're regular, and these two are occasional, have experimented a little. So it feels like your bow of the boat. I mean, you really would want to get clear on, when you say uses regularly, regularly, what is regular, and what parts of AI? And with this one, who's occasional, it's interesting. Like, it sounds like who you attract, is the occasional. And yet, by this profile, it looks like they're regular users. Yeah. So, when you work down, there's also the AI usage. I know, typically, I'm not a great job, but... together. So you can see daily, weekly, and they can you should also be able to see the tools. Great. Yes, there we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So Jadeep, is this people who are these are actual buyers? Yes, for sure. Okay. So I took the surveyor notes as well as the onboarding survey, and I combined the results to get these takeoff points. I see. Yeah, and it's a small member who responded out of our buyers. I would love to get a wider net, and maybe define this a little bit better. But it is interesting. I mean, this is not this is daily. A daily beginner is what you have. Yeah, these are people who use ChatGPT every day, to answer the questions. That's how they do. Yeah, I think. But then, AI is bad as a result, right? And if you see if by due, July... But mostly, to speak to them, they're using ChatGPT to say, hey, help me write this email. Help me do this and copy it and they're like, help me get this done. How can we make this proposal? Let me look at this contract. So it's like daily work task. They just do it more than any way they are, but they're not doing anything apart from that. They're not doing like crazy stuff, but they're hearing about it. Uh, but then they, I think what they, what we need to do is also, like, to reduce the overwhelm, tell them exactly what tools they need to learn, what other tasks do they have on their plate? So, it's like, it's like hard to have, like, social marketing, um, you know, like, what, what other tasks do they have as a sopreneur and how can we help them do that more efficiently? and what tools do they need to get to kind of get that done? Yeah. So eat a list, how they're using AI, 1st one comes as research and knowledge work. Then comes his writing, blogs, books, scripts. I heard it personal productivity. Fourth is marked, company. Fifth is business competition and workflow. That's how they were using, but also a nice ChatGPT was super high. June last year, but if you see now, it's seen drastically, like as a company, we have moved towards plot, and I see a lot of people actually move for the AI platforms. Yeah, it's interesting. Why do we have such a big presence in healthcare medical? Why is that second? It might be because they're part of the wellness industry. Yeah. Doctors. It supplements, yeah. Supplements, coaches, healers. We actually should really separate out that question. It's misleading. Yeah, I thought so too. I was thinking it was probably more health and fitness, like that kind of thing. So, and then we've got solopreneurs startup by a landslide. It's our focus, right? And it'd be interesting up to ten. I bet it's even up to five. I had to guess. Um... And then 10 to 49 is, uh, to 50, yeah, okay. And then Geographic. So North America. Why UK? Is it because you have a base there? Why UK only? Well, I think it would, do you mean? that people buy from, even the mission just moved last year, and we have people, but I don't think so. That has an impact around with it. English speaking, possibly, as well. Which English speaking, yeah. Yeah, that's interesting. And this one's really really interesting, right? Like, as we define, even how you do the survey, I don't know many solopreneurs who think of themselves as a CEO. When I started my business, I didn't think, I don't CEO. I just started a business. Yeah. So I'm curious about that one. entrepreneur. CEOs and founders are 2 very different things. We have to separate that out. In fact, CEO, we should see, we should say, a C level executive or just executive. Yeah. Can you refine this? Or just show up for a nerve. Why don't we identify the category? Solopreneur as well. Yeah. Entrepreneur. Yeah. Yep, I think that's really a good thing. It was very chef. You are an entrepreneur as well, but you're definitely not a phone. Yeah, but solar paneer and founder overlap. So we got to figure this out. Yeah, I I JD, I actually have a classification system I can share with you. That'll be great, but we can deploy it on all summits and master vision. Yeah. And we can have one, like, which one? can do that. Use just get it from Justine. It's deployed on the Finamines app, formerly called six. How many, sorry, how many questions do you ask on this survey? So we don't go soon, like with the customers we have around about 12-ish, 12 to 13, which with the survey that we do for our summit, it's basically 7 grade, including name and email. Okay, yeah, we want to keep it really simple. And honestly, when we do this event together using our platform, we can have them take a super simple survey to enter the event. So immediately they get information on who they are versus trying to pre-survey. The key to that is making it simple and intuitive, but then we'd immediately know who we've got and who's shown up. We can also see, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, how long they're on, and at which points they're dropping off, and even who dropped off wins. So we'd know who saw the offer and who didn't, so that you could target someone and be like, Hey, I, you know, just in case you missed offer, you wouldn't want to look like Big Brother. Like, I know you missed the offer. Just in case you missed the offer. Oh, so, Barry, you're saying this seminar platform that you're using will allow us to do that? Yes. That's great. It gives you a heart, yeah. But generally, right now we do once, like, with the sales team, is once they finish off with, when the summit is over, we give them whoever went on the sales page and did not convert. Yeah, we get to one singles team so that we can, they can reach out to these people. Second list are the people who attended the entire summit, and especially attended the same place 1st in 3 days, then to save in one day. So that's how we also try to reach out in layers. So we have a priority ranking type of assistance. Great. Great, great. I love that. And what's interesting is your goal for the next 12 months, start or grow, a business, become more productive. But when you read the other piece about business opportunity, it was, I feel like it was flipped. Where was that one? It was something you were reading where business was the last thing you said. How they're using AI, if it's just after AI2 is already using, how they're using AI, where I was saying business, it wasn't the last one, mental health, the topic was after that. But I just stopped that business confirmation on what floor. Yeah. But it's interesting. Like, this is 25%, and yet, up here. I believe because this one, they could choose multiple options of what they use it. Here, the starter program would become more productive. It's interesting. Bro and increased productivity. It feels like those are flipped. It's interesting. This number of respondents ranked it high up here, and then low. somewhere else. It's like interesting. And the career opportunities is the outlier. I mean, I have to tell you, I'm just a little jaded on anyone who is an employee who is looking, like, career opportunity or how to use it in your business. They don't have, they're not a buying unit, because 9 times out of 10, they won't spend their own money. They'll only go to their boss and ask if they'll pay for it. So we really don't generally, but unless you have a real passion for those people, we don't want to cater to people who are workers, who want to cater to owners, because they have the power of the pen. Like, they can decide in the moment. And they have more of a dime spellers offer. I'm gonna buy it. gonna help me. Like, we keep the same phone, as well, in terms of the marketing. Barry, you know, just to go keep earth to the type of inside that we're talking about earlier, what would be some of the next types we would have to take to get that understanding of our customers. Well, do you have coaches that interact with these people? No. What about you do calls with Q and A and things like that? We have, do you any calls, like, but it was a part of the curriculum, where the speaker would have a Q and A just after the content. It's not like super in-depth. So I would say, like, the things I'd be looking for as you're doing this, is the chat from the event, you should export it, run it through, I find the top trending questions and comments, like negative, positive, et cetera. Like, you really ought to be mining the data there. And then, um, looking at it by speaker, if you can, like, you know, what were the comments on the specific speaker? Like, you can survey them, but the reality of the chat, these days, people, I know those, they say everything, they get right in the chat box, you know? And then on the actual calls that you're doing, I'd be looking at, like, on your fulfillment calls, and even in your customer care, what are the questions they're asking? What are places where they're getting stuck? What are the things they get most excited about? Like, how can you mind the data that's out there that they're giving you that isn't self imported? It's you looking at, in real time, out in the trenches. What are they telling you? So, can you can I see my... Yes. So, I did that analysis already in terms of the program, and I figured out, like, what teaching methods, why they struggle, where certain sessions were not working, why certain speakers were highlighted in the top 12 sessions that worked out over here. So I have already built an entire analysis and structured like around that. And if you want to look at all feedback, there's a lot of things that were given in terms of feedback for the entire program. So again, in our next call, we can go deeper around with these things, but I've already done a full on analysis with feedback, chats, transcripts, you know, NA, everything operated in this. Yeah, AI, I think there's two ways to look at it. AI can aggregate it for you and give you fast information, and then there's the human component of reading the tea leaves, like reading it yourself, and seeing what it tells you. Because sometimes I find the AIs, like, you know, we run everything through AI, and even on the AI summit, we did, it was so funny, what AI told us, and then I said, I'm gonna tell you one of those is wrong. I've been in the chat all day. reading myself and watching what they're saying. And here's what this really means. So, I want you to do both. And then I think we still have to just come back to that first question of, when you envision the person that you want in the room, that you want to market to, you want to attract on your webinars? What if cracked into the event, you want to track into your ecosystem? You wanna work with on a long term basis? Like, who do you most have a heart for serving? Like, who do you most feel passionate about? And what are the things they're struggling with? Like, in their real life? Like, they wake up in the morning, what's the problem? In the afternoon, like, if you think of the psychological profile I gave you as an example, like, what's happening at the dinner table? What's happening in the car on the drive to work? Or if there's solopreneur, is they're sitting at their desk in the morning, trying to get ready for the day. Like, what are the real problems? For Julie, one of the things we landed on is because she is a solopreneur. It is that I need to play myself, right? It is, like, I have more things to do than I can do, and I don't, excuse me, I don't have the money to hire people. So, I believe, like, seeing that a lot of Miami audiences, personal, good, or yet, okay, they want the best time in their areas of growth. So when they want to look at AI, they want to clone or optimize their time and schedule so that they can spend time on things that they care about, these, their personal growth. Be it being more efficient in their profession, so that they can spend time with their family, get more outcome done, because they could not, as you said, so not, you know, could do more things in less time and still spend time with other things, but they would not need to be dedicated or missing, like your child's, like, failing each of you, do anything that can come across. Yeah, you know, it comes to me that it's, like, I want more time to do the human things, and only I could do, and I want to outsource to AI the things that AI can do better than me, easier, faster, better than me. So I have more time to do the things that only I can do. Only I can text my daughter into bed. I'm there when they get off the bus from school. Only I could do my work out, like, A, I can't do my workout for me. Like, I have to actually lift the weights. You know, only I can prepare dinner. You know, whatever it is, right? It's like, what are the things that, and even in their work, like, you know, if you think of Gay Hendrix, Big Leap, it's like, the zone of genius work, and the zone of excellence work, is where we ought to be coaching entrepreneurs to spend their time. And most of them are probably getting stuck in zone of incompetence, incompetence, slaving away at things that aren't even things they're good at, that AI could be doing for them. So, Barry, I'm just curious, but should we be, because what we're teaching an AI mastery, and this may really be what's costing us money? What we're teaching is really advanced. Like, if you look at what Mike Canix, for example, is teaching in, um, in dragonfly, our curriculum goes even beyond what Mike Canix is teaching. So when you get to like the final month of AI Master, you're learning how to build your own app. You're learning agentic design. And I believe this could really be what's costing us because we designed this, not based on the internet marketing industry or Tony Robbins. We designed it because our team is primarily European, are the people we were interacting with were university lecturers and university programs. And so ours is literally designed to be like a university program. I think that's what's costing us issues. But I wonder, should we have maybe 3 levels of AI, maybe a one month basic program, a one month intermediary program, and then a one month advanced program? Might that be a better way? Like, I don't know if it's, you know, we can decide if month is the right amount of time, but I do think it's interesting that you have gone so far in AI. Let's say that arguably, you're the most skilled AI coach and consultant out there. Of all the people that you've seen out there teaching it, is anyone doing it better than you, more advanced than you, in their application, awareness, and knowledge of what it is? If that's true, then, you know, part of your, your approach could be the opposite of going after the up and comer. Yeah. We teach the AI experts what to do. Yeah, yeah. That that could be it. But I wonder if that market is ready. Big enough? Yeah, because at a certain point, if you get AI, at a certain point, you don't have to buy anything else, because you can train your AI to become an expert in anything. And I don't think that's our market. I don't think that's our market. Yeah, yeah. But I wonder. So we don't want to get to that level. Like, you don't want to get to vision level or bicantas level, but what you want to do is maybe what we are teaching. We can break it into 3 levels. And the highest level could be vibe coding with lovable. It could be something like that. Question, I was looking at one data that I also shared with you, only 20% of attendance is in the last month. Oh, AI something. Yeah, because it gets really difficult. So people start dropping off. Yeah. It is like a mark or mark layering of how much attendance it's has. Yeah. In my last year, I have 15 to 20%. JB, you're talking about the one that we had, the 3 different level one, that addition there. Yeah. Is that the one that finished with Dakintas going crazy to an inheritable? This was something that I was looking at, like, over here, if this is the attendance percentage of how things provide, for us, how many pop people watch replays, how many are watching live, and how much is it dropping like from the last level? But you see, there's a game of launch 4 and 5 and 6. The higher, because it gets too compound, because it compounds, right? And so at some point, when you get maybe reconstructs going super complexly, irritate people. The best problem is that we teach our table because we like our table, but we just... We teach at table. No, yeah. Okay, I just want to correct that. We teach at table because I'm a freaking computer scientist and I know how important this is in terms of teaching people computational thinking. I'm being an idiot and I'm thinking of it like an academic. So AirTable is important because it leads to computational thinking. But that's not something that belongs in our course if we are trying to make money. Yeah, but you know, I'm saying each tool, because we like the tool, but what we're missing is that the person that's trying to go from beginner to intermediate, what do they want to achieve with AI? So for that person a solo entrepreneur, I need to build a webpage. I need to be able to send emails and autopilot. I need to close my voice. I wanna be able to create some sort of content. I need to be able to maybe have like, it could even be like, I do the chat, what to talk to customers? I don't know, but like identify what do they want to build? And then teach how to do impact versus let's feel complex agents, let's show airtable AI because then what we do is we're focusing on the tool, not focusing on the actual outcome that can help make their life better so they can grow their company and they can automate the task. to get your hands off, right? So maybe that is the biggest problem because we're so focused on the mechanism, not the outcome. And by... Yeah. Exactly what you said. Yeah. I just want to add one thing and I interviewed certain people with AI, especially in our programs, the problem was they missed one class and they felt loss off. It is too tough, yeah. They didn't move how to come back to the program. Yeah, like by coding and building a platform too much, but you're gonna save a page. It's so valuable. I would pay 5000 just for that class. So I feel like, yeah, it's so easy and it's so easy to do, but that's how we wow them. This is actually so easy to do. You can do this with just like chatting. So I think it's just about understanding, okay, what are the little outcomes that is solo entrepreneur slash, you know, small size entrepreneur ones to accomplish? And how do we wow them with all of these things? So they feel really empowered and enabled to do cooler things. Yeah. I think that's a market, guys. I mean, it's not their table also because, yeah, you know it. But also another thing I wanted to add is, like, we've done this survey about customers that have bought, but we need to start, because AI changes so fast, so we should do a survey now to the entire list and say, who are you? What do you want to learn with AI? Where are you with AI? What are your top tools? which tools do you use every week? All that kind of stuff so that we can actually identify who do we actually want to go after. So, like, right now, we are attracting solo preneurs just because they probably are making the decision faster because it impacts them in the biggest way, right? If I don't have to use these foods, I can get more than I can make more money. But maybe someone like an entrepreneur, they're like, someone like this might say, I don't need to learn this. Like my team can should be learning this. So for them, maybe there's like a different offer. So I think we should ask them the questions and then we can see what is the how do we craft the offer better? So is it a package of like, what is it, maybe 3 seats, if you want to bring your team? You know, we can kind of go deeper later. Yeah. So also, like, for pointer, these were the topics that rated high in our curriculum holistically, right? And if you look at the left and the right, image generation, video PHD, custom GPT, why coding, trying everything together, but struggling, AI agents will get complex and it automations, custom AI applications, building brain on AI, where it's more technical, we are losing those audiences in place. Polistically, right? By edge, hold on, one second. Go up. You see, the main difference between the two popses is the box on the left, AI, and source questions, essentially. I need this. Can you do it for me? The other one there builds the sisters. which is way more complicated. And AI, right now, today, the world, you live in a bubble, I leave a bubble, because we live every day. It's fairly advanced level. But walking the streets, I can ask people, they literally use the majority of the people use charges that need ask questions, Where am I gonna go? 100 percent. They take pictures, right? That how they use it. And that's our customer. It's not us. The biggest mistake we've always do is to build a product for office. That's what we do. A lot of the time. See also the comments, right? Like, it's like students see results immediately. Image appears, video plays, instant gratification. There you go. Yeah. There you go. I've been nothing any with the working assistant. Transformation is visible and testable immediately. Like everything, there's a common pattern that you can achieve out of it. So, something that makes them feel like, oh, it's too much effort, they just let it go. Yeah. I don't know if it's too much effort. I think it's, it's, don't look, it's too much upper. Sorry, but it's, it's, uh, It's a huge jump. You asked him to run 100 meters in 90 seconds instead of saying, let's run it in 8 first. No, sorry, you need 12 firsts, right? And that, you know, I lived in Jamaica, and I met the runners. I met, you know, a lot of it, they said this. They said this, guys, like, you should see high school racing, high school track appeal. It's enormous stadium, it's packed, it's the biggest sport ever. And they told me that any 15 year old in high school, the trains runs the 100 meters in between 11 and 10 seconds. And then he takes 10 years to shave off one X per second, to go to the Olympics. But that is exactly what a AI is. We need to take him to be the 15 year old that runs in 10 cycles. And then, it takes longer. Right? We don't adopt that methodology. We just say, we'll take you over there. We can do the Olympics. The problem is the fact that we are trying to teach too many things in the 5 months. And there's too many teachers. So Jenny and I talk about when we're reading the curriculum, we want to completely rebound the curriculum, make it 3 months, and we want to make it very clear, like, if you, it's not like you're jumping from, like, this class talks about Asians, then another teacher comes, talks about, uh, GPT, spider teacher. by coding. So you're just jumping in, like, I had to even practice this. We want to make it more about implementation, and then for, like, a couple of sessions, you're learning about, like, some that how to, you know, how to collect all the information. I think like, like, like a prompt engineer, how do you craft the perfect car? Yeah. What are the best? So, and it's more... on the other? Yeah, so for that thing, creating class stickiness, the highest rate of stickiness we are seeing is speaking academy. That's what Eric at meetings. So, uh, Barry, do you know Eric Admedes? If you? Yeah, so, Eric, so we have a contract with Eric. Um, and Inny, I need you to bring Eric in. Eric can come in to do the stickiness. He's supposed to be advising us on that. So he teaches on our platform, his stickiness level on programs like Wild Fit and Speaking Academy is 80%. 80% make it to the final class. So for that, I think it's a separate conversation with Eric. I think, so we'll solve that problem. We recognize it's an issue. We'll solve that with Eric. We're really solving it for Eric's program. We can replicate it. But let's come back to what we want to solve here. Right, because if I look at your, um, AI, um, summit website, So we have Noel. She'll show you how to leave with AI at a place strategically in that scale. Christian, unlock freedom, creativity, and accelerated business growth. Manan, fuse AI with imagination to shape culture. Kathy, they differently not just use tools, but lead with them. Brune, I'm not sure if I'm saying these names right, but build AI powering systems that scale your brand, automate content, and unlock exponential business growth. Dominic, blend automation of authenticity, and Amman, published market and scale with AI power content systems. They all sound very much alike. They're all pretty generic, and they sound super, like, it just kind of does this. It doesn't land. Like, I have to have that. It's like, if you really get into specific outcomes, and they were strung together in a method, it's like, just, for example, first, Noelle is gonna rip right down what AI really needs, and what's the simplest use case for your day to day. Vision's gonna talk about how AI is really the secret, to unlocking more time, to do the things on personal mind growth and development and mindset, which is sort of your red and butter, right? Like, these people want more time for that. And a simple tool that unlocks it all. Manan is gonna talk about the first three things you need to do, to put on your computer, to use AI, and five simple tricks to make it work, you know, just, like, really specific. When you're thinking of hooks, it's like, the way I usually write a hook would be, what's the opportunity? What's the fear? What the hook? So I'm gonna use my business as an example, just because I know it. There are great ways to fill your life with that, without spending money on unpaid ads, and the one thing even the big guys get wrong. So the opportunity that they all want, my students want, is fill their event. So you've learned three simple ways to play your event. The fear they have, they don't have money for ads, without spending money on paid ads, and then the hook, based on who I am and who I work with, and the one thing, even the big guys get wrong. Does my right fit client want to come for that? Absolutely. They hear that hook, they're like, Yes, I want the ways. I don't have money for paid ads, and I want to know what the big guys are getting wrong, so I don't do that. Now, that's my hook on the front end. They come to my event, and one of my sessions is about that. And guess what? In my program, one of my milestones is about that we actually demystify that, teach you how to do it, show you the framework, and help you master that. That's through line. So, what, these are, there's so much love, the best folks, and it's a lot more about who the person is. Noelle is this, and this, and this, and this. Oh yeah, she's gonna teach you this thing, but it's not that specific. My thought is, the student probably has no idea who Noelle is, or any of these people are. It doesn't really care. What they really care about is we've assembled, we have curated, we're the best of the best in AI. We've created the top minds to take all the things they do with the biggest experts and simplify it for you so that you don't have to make any mistakes or go through trials and tribulations. We make it super easy for you to start to integrate AI into your business, to give you time back in your life. In fact, I really like that two days is better than 15 hours. It feels more concrete, but, you know, I don't see that anywhere on here. And something went back to the wife or a second body, because, as you mentioned me twice, and I think it's very important. I believe with mine, Bali has always done extremely well, has been the position itself as curator, like vision has always done this. I tried so many methods, and I chose is one on health and fitness that I really wanted. teach you about, because these are the results that I got, and I've never seen a result like that. So, you've been doing this for aggravation. You take the complexion, you position yourself as, I try them all so you don't have to. Let me tell you, the one person you have to learn from in house is Eric at needs. And this is why we've done a program with wild feet. We somehow gravitated away from that because we went more into a model of, look at how amazing all of these speakers are, and look at all the amazing things that they have done. That's why we, you know, like we lead with that, Barry. So Noel has been 5 times MVP of Microsoft AI. So we are hoping that people will be kind of like wowed by that rather than going back to our Y, which has always been, we will help you cut out the noise and we'll select the best experts so you can get the outcome. And something that I noticed as well, that, um, that we try to get, like, the experts that are great on paper, and they never work, because they can't do one thing, which is take, uh, take, um, you know, theories and simplify it to the average person. And the ones that work the best are influencers, because they are kind of speaking to, like, mass audiences. That's very true. So we ran did the same thing. Yeah, so do. Yeah, so they're already used to...