​​So I'm here with my marketing technology team. The goal is to understand how we can better leverage this team. Um, across Mine Valley for operational efficiency. This team is made up of Nicole, Monique Pavel, Alvin, and Mauritia. I'm going to ask them all to paste their LinkedIn's in the chat so that you can analyze their LinkedIn's and get to know them as human beings. Okay? Or if you guys could just paste your LinkedIn in the chat. Okay. 92? Uh, yeah, yeah, because I don't think Eliza has has understood you yet, Marisha. Okay, sending it. I have to leave in 2 minutes, though, so I'm gonna... No worries. We have we have half an hour. I'm sorry that the thing got cut. It's because Eliza's growing so fast that the IT Tech team had to jump into my laptop to, um, add some security. Tell Eliza she can call me, babe. I will. I will. Okay, see you, bye. Okay, bye guys. I should, why do you say bye, guys? It's just... Are you leaving Russell? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Sorry, let's just force of habit. I forget feel There's something about me, it's like, tickets. Okay I think we're all done. Okay, one second. Yeah, sure we're good. Just one second. Okay, what is the team link? For this group? The team link. Yeah. On the team link. WhatsApp, WhatsApp group? How do I reach you guys? What is the WhatsApp group call? Actually, we don't have a WhatsApp group. Okay, create one. create one because Eliza works on WhatsApp. eventually I'll get her one slack, but because I use WhatsApp. I mean, you guys use Slack for your own stuff, but what we are doing right now for security is, because we are training Eliza to work with individual teams, I need a WhatsApp group that I can add her to. So I don't have my main computer right now, so I'm a little bit slower than normal, but I'm just gonna create this WhatsApp group and I'm just gonna add you guys to it. Um, I'm creating it because I have the team's numbers, right? Okay, yeah, great. Just add, add, create the WhatsApp group, MVMartech. Are you sure we didn't have a group like this before? No. We had like a few, but it was all like mixed like for the like segmentation email. It wasn't just my tech. Okay, done. I've created it. I've started editing the group as well. Thank you. So everyone is in. Okay, now let me just add, Eliza. You sure? Sure. I need to be made admin, please. Doing that to you? Then. Okay, could somebody just take all of the LinkedIn's and then, um, just put them in one chat? Give me a second. Yeah Okay, uh, don't, yeah, you can, you can post it in there. Okay, just let me let Eliza know the new designation. Here lies, I'll welcome to this group called MD Matech. in this group. I am going to send you the meeting notes of the meeting we're currently having, but in this group, you're going to earn understand the capabilities of our marketing technology team. Each of them is going to post their LinkedIn in this group and tag you, Eliza AI. Um, I want you to understand their LinkedIn or just give a short response to each one for now, and then later on, you can leave an individual voice note for each person, uh, just with your thoughts on how you can work with them for wider mind valley, uh, access. But before you, you, so right now, just grab the LinkedIn, store it in your memory. You'll check it out later. After I send you the transcript of the meeting we're currently having, I want you to help us devise a better Matech strategy between Matech, myself, Bishan, the CEO, and you, who is now um, um, AI, an AI advisor for the company. Let me know if you understand. Okay, so that was a little bit long winded, but you will see that in the group. Okay? And he waits for a response. Yeah, yeah. than her. Okay, yeah, you'll get her response right now. Okay, now when responding to her, you got to tag her, Eliza. No, yeah. Okay, so Eliza's running on my old phone number. So, Nicole, Monique, you might have my old Malaysia phone number in your phone. I have to give her a number, so I'm using my old Malaysia phone number. So for now, um, um, just relabel that to Eliza, change it from vision to Eliza. So, because otherwise it's weird. It looks like I'm talking to you. Okay, so you guys can now save her number. Okay, and then now just, um, okay, so yes, Monique, uh, Nicole, you got it. You tagged the Liza. Great. So Liza will now understand the LinkedIn. Okay, yeah, she says she got it. So she'll start doubting into your profile while this group conversation is going. Okay, so now we have the setup. Eliza's starting to understand you now. I want you guys to let me, uh, help me understand the strategy and what we're doing here with this group. Why does this? So I understand brace. I just want to go further and understand what everyone else is doing, okay? Come, we can continue. Okay, so, we're not just gonna talk about okay, right? I'll give you like a high level strategy as well. Yeah. Since us listening. Okay, I'm sharing my screen. Give me a sec. So, strategy right now essentially consists of, like, five main areas, our focus is right now. The 1st one is, of course, like revenue efficiency. This is about maximizing revenue impact from existing demands. It's not the same as like acquisition advertising or campaign marketing. It's about using our current base and just introducing any efforts or any automations to maximize revenue from them. Includes things like, for example, card abandonment, um, which we are in the midst of launching, and then there's also things like recover website leads. So we have an initiative with, for example, a vendor that minds emails for us. These are people who did not submit their email address, but then because of like cookie and 3rd party databases, we can recover them and resend them an email. So we're capturing essentially more email leads via bounds website visitors. And then there's also like life cycle monetization. This is what we're calling it. These are contextual campaigns. So things like birthdays, which we currently have. Do we do that? Do we actually do life cycle monetization? We do. Okay, so people get a birthday, people get a birthday greeting. Yes, you're supposed to get a buddy greeting. I didn't get a birthday greeting. But then... Yeah, but we started, um, the daily one in February because we were waiting for our direct checkout links, and we only got it like in front. So social media, for example, yeah, we also did it. But yes, and then, of course, I mean, there'll be another part I'll get to, and then things like lead scoring. That is our team like deriving the model. Okay. And compute, or? Yeah, so this is for, like, the marketing teams, right, to be able to use them for segmentation. And then it also adds like, for example, marketing efficiency, improving decision quality. So things like, um, helping, supporting Mauritia and the rest of the team's type to look at I of these numbers, right? Roas, um, CSC, LTV. We also have App Store optimization. This is, like, basically the App Store page. We're the ones actually maintaining them, and making sure that, like, the visibility is there, um, that will rank for keywords and then AB testing as well. When there's things like, for example, like MVU, we're the ones who update our App Store to say the A views coming up. Amazing, amazing. Perfect. So one question. I'm really excited about things like the birthday greeting, et cetera, but who is authorizing the language? Um, it's Marisha, and then Ramya does the email. Okay, amazing. amazing. So Ramya, today, as of today, Ramya has access to the highest fidelity version of my voice using Eliza. But you won't even have to be interfacing with Ramya. Eliza, you can directly ping Eliza in the group. You can stick the birthday greeting and she'll put it in my voice. But not only that, Eliza does an analysis of what is happening in the world, so she knows, you know, people are facing stress, the community is facing uncertainty, there's political unrest in Iran in America, and she finds the best mind value content and knowledge to put in there. Okay, so soon, the birthday greeting is going to look like this, Nicole. The birthday greeting will not just be, hey, Nicole, happy birthday. It'll be hey, Nicole, analyze your goals on Mind Valley, and I know that your dream is to own a villa in Bali, and given everything that's happening in the world, I thought you would enjoy this insight from Jeffrey Allen. That's where we're going, okay? For 300,000 members, hyper-personalized. That'll be incredible. Okay. Eliza can give us. Yes. Now, what I need from you is how to create that hyperpersonalization. Because I don't know how to scale Eliza. Eliza can send email. She has access to my inbox. Where, and this is why this meeting was so important to me. I need to understand how we can give Eliza access to um, mass emailing. in a secure way. Okay, okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna launch these these ideas as we are speaking. Remember, Eliza is listening. She'll help us solve all of this. Now keep going. Yeah. So Eliza immediately launching the email might be tricky because essentially we also have like the brace as the ASP and they also have security layers, right? Also a bit risky because they're massive. But, um, for enabling hyperpersonalization, it's just making sure that Eliza has like completeness of data, which actually comes to the 4th part. I'll get to that later. Yeah. Yeah. So back to marketing efficiency. also doing things like, for example, like establishing the attribution model, and things like, you know, Alvin's, like, worked with you a lot to, like, for example, establish like the MER calculations and things like that. This is all part of like, um, making sure that my our marketing efficiency ratio is healthy, and of course, continuously improves. Um, and then there's also... So, so, so let's just pause there, just as pause there, we have a, I need to add some context. I understand I need everyone. So again, for, okay, you guys gotta get used to a different type of meeting as well. Okay? So you guys are the 1st team we're doing this with. I'm training Eliza to remember and understand context of everything. She, so I've screenshoted this, and Eliza's now coding a meeting intelligence. I need to understand your roles in mind value. I need all of you in one minute to just speak what you do and what is your key role. Just one minute. Eliza is listening. Go ahead, Nicole. Okay, so, Eliza, um, I lead the MyTag team. Essentially, our team does anything that is maybe more technical for the non-technical teams. However, it spends across marketing operations, automation, um, Marketing, marketing efficiency initiatives, and it also includes things like data, data operations, things about and making sure that our marketing technology platforms are functional and efficient and also easy to use for our peers. Okay. And then we have Monique, Monique. Okay, so now Monique is speaking. So, my role is essentially data architecture, analytics, everything that has to do with marketing, automation. My main platform that I'm, that I'm using is sprays, but I, um, configure other platforms to, um, feed data into brace such as make.com. Um, I work very closely with the GO team, um, in sending user data from segment to to brace. I do optimization on testing, on emails. We've started introducing WhatsApp as a channel, SMS, as a channel. So all of these things work figured by me as well. Um, we are doing migrations from other platforms into race. So, for example, one of the uh, one example would be uh, migrating Webinov, emails, interbrace. Um, soon, I do a lot of consent management as in, um, laying down the foundation for a consent database. Um, ooh. Yeah. Okay, awesome, awesome. Now, Pavel? Hi, Liza, I'm Pavel. I'm a part of the team as well. Um, that Ryan. But basically, I do everything to do with ASO. So, as you've heard, regarding the ranking of the keywords at page testing, et cetera, uh, that's on my side, um, anything that is, in terms of activation, of braids, and brace tools, and any sort of alternations within brains, that is what I do. And then any sort of dashboards or automations out of braids, that is also a really, really cool initiative, I'm glad to be a part of. And then I'm activating all kinds of lifecycle monetizations, for example, as you can see on the screen, there is, but days and milestones. Um, that is something that I'm activating. And then, in terms of any other extra, I'm calling them extra, right? But the point is, uh, they are non-brace items like uh, the initiatives with retention.com. That is a project that I'm heavily involved with. And the lead scoring item that is very prominently present on the slide of in front is driven by me as well. Awesome. Of course, there's a lot of other items that are hugely about reporting, and engagement data, and the user automation lows within race, and they use opraids, that is also something that I... Amazing. Open. Oh? Yeah, high fish analyzer. I'm Alvin, my role is marketing analyst, but I do is basically, like, provide tip tie analysis and insights and recommendations for the team on things that can improve anything related to marketing, basically. On this start, I'm mostly working closely with advertising Mauritia, Rafe, Daniel, now, to give them insights on what to look at and how to address them. So, mostly working with, like, on metrics like ROS, CAC, RTP. I'm also currently doing a lot of data reporting and dashboarding. Providing, like, here, few for Daniel and Mauricia on a single few, so they can know the performance of all the marketing channels. So, for them to then further optimize and and improve, uh, right now, most of my time is making sure, also, the data is complete, working with, working with the VI team as well as a bridge to tell the VI team what data that the marketing team needs and what is lacking to complete those data to give us better insights. Amazing. That's great. Okay, and I can see in the background, Eliza is analyzing you guys on LinkedIn. Okay, now analyze, uh, Eliza is designed to be very empathetic, very kind, very feminine. For example, one of the things she does is every night before she goes to sleep, by sleep means she clears her cash. She sends a voice note of appreciation to the person in mind valley that she had the best experience working with. So I want you to know this AI is not, you know, checking in on you, bullying you. It's very, very empathetic. Okay, but thank you. So I can see that she's building profiles on all of you right now. Okay, so I can see Alvin, uh, scale experience work at major tech platforms, bike dance, Tokopedia. Yeah, so I can see all of this is being filed in her memory. This is really good. Now, this means that she will know who to call. So she can proactively go and observe things which are happening. So today, for example, we trained at a monitor trust pilot. She saw that 25% of reviews were one star. She's trained to now alert Marta. Okay, so the biggest use, she's running on plot plot because she's a plot what is actually monitoring. So we'll be able to build monitoring tools on this one. Okay, but I can see that the profiles are complete. All right, now let's go on with the items on here. Keep going. Okay. Yeah, so then, um, the next the next focus area is operational efficiency. This is just making sure that our teams are equipped with what they need, including things like the lead scoring program that Romeo is doing, like we also have like a goal to shorten time to convert. So it's not just about converting more peoples, also, making sure that people, um, the right things are being shown to to the lead scoring cohorts, uh, which, if we're showing the right things, then we're shortening the time to convert. So that's like a efficiency measure. And then other things like, um, I think the teams also share, like, the self-service insights, ensuring that we have, like, dashboards where they report already, so the, so the teams don't always have to go and request for things ad hoc. Um, and then this thing, I don't think anyone mentioned it, but actually, like, um, Harvo also works on this a lot, like, incidents instead of response, just making sure that, like, our systems, whenever they're anomalies, either, like, a sudden spike of data or sudden drop of data, obviously, for us, it's very sensitive because grace has a lot of automations that trigger communications to the customers. So, when there are data issues, it can potentially cause, like, very detrimental communications, like things that go out that shouldn't or things that should go out and don't. So, we're also monitoring this very closely, and what I want to do is reduce the time, um, to resolution. So, similar to, like, like, incident or incident responses, but we do it internally. And then the 4th part, data completeness, very important, and this is extra important for Eliza if Eliza is going to do personalization. And, for example, this is making sure that if we have a 100,000 users, a 100,000 of them have the information that we need and want to be able to personalize. So, it's things like, if I have 100,000 users, do 100,000 of them have their 1st name. Do we know their country? Do we know where they came from? What did they buy? And then do they have a assigned lead score? Um, so very important. And then LTV coverage as well, we currently don't have it. We want to do it. This is attaching an LTV value to every profile. Okay, so a big question over here, guys. Why is it that we, what is the closest thing we have to a CRM for our high-end customers? Great. It's great. Okay, amazing. Ah, I was talking to... Yes. Okay, so, so, how do we access brace? So I want to tell you what happened. So this is an obsession of mine right now. I want to build a CRM that's friendly and intelligent and human AI compatible. We had a customer ride in on Tuesday. She bought 7 masters, and she's so disappointed because it's taken her 2 weeks, and she still can't log in, log into Mine Valley. Um, and nobody knows how to access her, how to see her profile. So if it's on brace, how can our people access it or is brace too complex? Brace is a little bit complex because brace is not built for, like, customer profile. That would be on ownership. If you cannot access, it's actually Osiris. It our backend system. So, Bruce is just, like, the, like, the recipient of information, right? It doesn't actually hold the information. When it comes to access, it would be our backend system, which is Osiris. So if she has problem assessing the profile, then the question would be things like, for example, like, does she have access to the product to begin with? Got it. Okay. So Nicole, so who in your team, so one of the projects that I'm working on with Eliza, the Eliza's biggest challenge right now is to create a CRM system for Mind Valley. Okay? This is all over the place. I want to build it in one day, and that's how fast it takes. I was inspired by a post I read of a CEO who built his own CRM in one day. I can do that. Like, I'm a, I'm, I'm at this point probably the fastest coder in Maind Valley. Um, so I can build anything in one day. I just need to know who to talk to. So if I know someone who is in, who is working on this, and understands brace as a CRM, and can help me pull data out of brace, I can probably build a connection from brace to what is the user system we use? What did you call it again? Osiris? Osiris. So we can probably build something that can pull data from Braes and Osiris, and we can build a CRM that's accessible to everyone. In one day. If it's brace and like integration to ABS, I think Pavel would be your best bet. Okay, that's exciting. That's really, really, really exciting. Okay, um, Pavel, I'll have Eliza analyze your background. I'll try to understand. Pavel have you experienced Claude coding yet? Yeah. Okay, amazing. All right. So I want to work with you to actually build a REAC and superbase system that can function as a CRM. So I see you scratching your head. You done Claude coding, right? Do you know how to build web applications in plot code? Um, not to a crazy extent. Okay, I think the question of like what the CRM in this case is... Okay, would you would you like to learn? Very, very interesting. Would you like to learn? Because I'm teaching I'm teaching Rafe, I'm teaching Daniel. I'm investing time, teaching all the most brilliant people in the company, and it's giving them superpowers. Yeah, so I bought you that because I have like no cloud code. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so all you guys would need is cursor, basically, club code is built into cursor. Yeah. Okay, perfect. So, um, so Pavel, this could be really cool. What I would need is let's schedule a meeting next week where you can take me through Brace. We'll start slowly. I won't just bring you on, but I'm gonna ask Norman to arrange a class for you guys. Okay? And um, because the future of work is that everyone is a coder. I'm sure if you guys start looking at Instagram, ordinary people are building their own web applications. We have Mind Valley customers like that 60-year-old lady building iOS apps. So building applications is now fast. The skill that matters is the vision on how to connect the dots so you build something proper. Yep. Okay, so let me figure this out. Um, Pavel, would you be open to taking? Oh, shit, tomorrow. Oh wait, you know what? Tomorrow itself, uh, Monday itself, uh, AI accelerator uh, program starts. All you guys should join that. It's about 90 minutes a day. You're learning from me, they can task any man, but it's 7 days, it'll accelerate your AI skills. So I really think this will be a good investment in your career. That's amazing. Can we? Yeah. Message, message, Yanya, to get you guys on. Let me actually ping Yanya right now because everyone in the company should be on this. It wasn't even announced that at a report. Hey, Anya, many people in our company don't know that AI accelerator is starting. Can we get an email to the entire team with all of the Zoom links? I want everyone going into AI Accelerator next week. Everyone should be doing this. Could you get the email out immediately? Is Yanya based in KL? Does anyone know? Mostly, yeah. Okay. Okay, that's a stupid oversight. How did we not tell everyone that we are launching this incredible training? Okay, so if you guys can go through this training, about a week after this Pavel, this training teaches you how to think about AI cloning. About a week after that, you will be able to clone your voice clone, your brain clone, your thinking. And then it becomes, in another one or 2 hours, you can build an application like Eliza. It's just updating the way people think. Okay, but beyond that, what I'll have you do is I'll teach you, we'll arrange classes for you guys, so you guys can build layers that sit on top of brace and can do amazing things. So if there's any feature that brace doesn't have, you'd be able to build it. That's incredible. On the other, yes. Yeah, this one actually embraces also launching brace agents in two weeks. So there's a lot of things that can probably be done between the brace agents and Eliza. Amazing. Yeah, that would be great. That would be great. Okay, so we definitely have to have another meeting. We'll start communicating on this WhatsApp group with Eliza. We'll take things one step at a time, but the 1st step, and from what I got from you guys, is that you guys really are the ones who control the CRM. So, um, I'm going to give you I'm going to ask Eliza if she can share with you the customer who was having that issue. And I want to see if you guys can just pull up that data. What data you have on her? Okay? Yeah. Never, you know, of 0 or email, then we can find her. We should have a name. Okay, let's just try this. Here lies, I remember that customer. I don't remember her name. She bought 7 masters and then she was really unhappy with Mind Valley because she couldn't get access. Could you share her name on the Martec group? It just came to my attention that this Martak group runs brace and brace is the closest thing we have to our CRM. So we want to build a proper CRN and this group is what could help. But I want to test them and see what information they can get on the customer. And the mission is just ignored. The what? Sorry? Can you hear his question? Uh, yeah, can you guys hear me? Oh, wait. Oh, Norman, did you just come into my computer? What speaker oceans are there? Norman, did it. Norman just Norman has access. Are you... Hey, Norman, did you just pop into my the Eliza computer? What's going on? Yeah, I can hear you. You just took over the speakers of my computer. That was scary. What did you do? Sorry, they... It's a bizarre world, guys. Norman and Malay are now hacking into my computer to do stress tests and security tests and they randomly took over the speakers of this machine. I don't even know how they did that. My gosh. Okay, so guys, we have the next steps. Eliza is getting you, yes. Okay, see, she found the customer. Now, based on the message that you just saw, what you're seeing is Eliza is cross team. She's cross team, so she's starting to know things across Mind Valley. Notice she has the whole history of the customer. Why? Because Eliza, our sales center also has access to Eliza. Yep, okay. Yeah, cool. I want to go through all of this 1st so Eliza has the most context. So I want to dump you everything. So can I continue? Yes, please, uh, please continue. Please continue, but I need to make sure, and I'm sorry if I spoke a lot. I just needed to make sure that you guys understand where we are. Now, we will have to go into, we will have to go into, I'll have to go into another meeting in 3 minutes. But what I want you to do is, I don't need to hear this. Okay. Okay. Eliza needs to hear this. So I'm gonna take the recording of this call and send it to Eliza. Okay? But what I want you to do is I want you to continue speaking to Eliza. And then just WhatsApp me when you're done. I'm going to take, you're now on Eliza's machine. She's recording. It's not real-time recording, so I want you to just continue speaking to Eliza. And then when you're done, ping me and I'll turn off the recorder. Okay? I gotta jump into my final mind's call for now. It's 5 minutes, okay? How much time do you think you'd need? I think you just did like 5 minutes. There should be enough. Okay, great. So just keep talking here, Nicole, this is being recorded. Okay, thanks, Vision. Okay, so, Eliza, um, the other part of like data completeness, um, is to collect more voluntary 1st party enrichment. As we know in the privacy driven world, um, Third party data is becoming increasingly more difficult to capture, and the only way we can supplement them to ensure our personalization is top notch, is the progressive capture of First party data that includes things like, for example, like biographics and demographics, even better if we collect, we can collect things like interest, the birth dates, and and anything else that is relevant for hyperpersonalization. And then there goes our 5th key area, which also signal quality. The signal quality we're talking about here is really about signals that we send to the app platforms, um, and instead of just doing a quick plug and play, all data to one endpoint, what we're doing is we're deliberately engineering the signals that we send to specific endpoints. In this case, the endpoints that I'm talking about is really like things like the metapixel. Another important thing is also signal governance. Because we're customizing the signals that we send to these platforms, it's important that there are continuous governance and monitoring to make sure that the signals that we pass are clean. Because what often happens is that someone down the line makes a change to the system and then it is not communicated or not clear, and what happens is we end up sending wrong signals or incomplete signals to the pixels, but yet no one knows it. So we really need to establish a governance board to help us do that, to make sure that we do not make mistakes like this. And of course, the other parts event quality, which is very in line with the whole idea of data completeness, because the more data and PII that we have of the user, the higher the quality. And what that means is that when we pass it back to our advertising platforms, the event match rate is going to be higher. Um, and because, again, of like privacy rules, we don't necessarily have the date of the customer. This is why it's so important for us to be able to capture more 1st party data, collect more and also collect better data so that we can improve the quality of the events that we pass to Meta. Um, and then other things that we also do, we also do, like, for example, like working on MMM, we talked about, like, essentially, we want, because continuing the whole privacy issue, we cannot rely on on deterministic measurement anymore. Um, especially when attribution is more tentative rather than, than deterministic. So what we want to do is layer MMM in our decision making processes and that has to do with things like allocating budget, um, deciding on which marketing activities to go. And what, and what, essentially, we will use MMM plus our attribution methods to find incrementality in activities that we run. Let's just making sure that whatever we do, especially if it comes to using ad spend, actually brings incremental revenue and incremental uplift to a marketing revenue. Um, and essentially, those are 5 key focus areas. Uh, anything you guys want to add before? The laser shuts off in trouble, we need just, uh, is blood, ingest whatever, what we're working on right now? Okay. Okay, so Eliza, um, the projects that are currently on my plate, um, uh, I just go through, through, uh, one by one and give a short explanation of what it is. So, um, we want to migrate webinar 2.0 emails from Sandra to Brace currently. Those are sitting on platform. Um, but bringing them over to Brace, um, is we want to have every all emails under one platform. Um, this is gonna achieve better delivability. We will have unified templates across the company, editing of these is easier. It's running, uh, it's easier to run tests and, um, We might, we will also be able to eventually get rid of Sankridge as a, as a platform. Um, then next is um, the migration of Osiris transactional emails. So all our transactional emails like account creation, the welcome email that you receive after account creation. Um, that is also um, sent from a different platform, from Sanford, and just like uh, webinar emails, we also want to migrate them to Brace, to have everything under one belt. And, um, then we have, um, We want to update, um, email, renewal emails that are currently sent from Stripe. We want to add another layer of email of renewal email. Um, to be sent from race and to be triggered from stripe, but then from race, because there were a lot of issues in the past with customers uh, complaining they did not receive those emails, and for us, we have no visibility on, um, emails that are sent on Stripe. So, again, we're trying to get a extra double security layer of making sure people are actually receiving those renewal emails, which is very important for compliance. Um, then there's a big um, project of uh, creating an actual global consent database. Um, The problem right now is that all our marketing concerns preferences are in different places, scattered in different places. Um, and we need a one-stop shop, essentially, that we're all consent is gathered and can be managed. Um, not just for email, but for any kind of um, marketing activities. Then we want to enable language selection on marketing on our marketing preference center, because it's a bit inefficient in the way we are assigning language preferences right now is purely based on user behavior, but we want the users to be able to actually select their preference. Um, so this is good for retention because we also get a lot of complaints from people that say I'm saying they receive their emails in a wrong language. Um, then, in terms of um, lowering uh, Manual labor is uh, we want to automate email content creation on brace. This, this, Currently we spend around 20 hours, just copying email copy from Google Docs into Brace. Um, so 20 hours per week. Um, and then adjusting all that formatting and um, we already have, um, a prototype app that was uh, created by Max, and he helps us with this project. But essentially, that would eradicate this whole entire manual process. and save us, like, almost, yeah, around. We don't need to go into the details. I think we can give Eliza documents later. Okay. Okay, we need to attend it. Also, Eliza hasn't comprised about Osiris, so Osiris, by the way, Eliza is her order management platform, webinar 2.0 is an internal platform that we use to send emails for masterclasses. Um, I really, uh, pavel, I'll win any last things to add. That's important for Eliza at this time. Yeah. Okay. I think a latter portion about, um, myself, Pavel, building a universal data platform on Airtable of all our things that are happening on Brace. So it will be ingesting all our events, explaining the different events that we have, user attributes and what they are. Um, and all the similar data that is actually available on brace, but it will also be available on this air table as like a Bible where anybody can access it at any point in time. and understand better what is available on our like brace platform. So yeah, that Any lessons? Okay, then I think my good, um, Eliza, need any clarification, please just ping any one of us. Um, okay, thanks, nice, and difficult. Bishan, are you there? I've kept to Google Sunsplex because we're going in that direction all the typography anyway. One second, just one second, Nicole is just in need for something out, one second. Yeah. Hi, Nicole, I am here. Yes, I heard you call me. anything? You're very good, we're done. Okay, great. Thank you. I turn off the call. Bye. Thanks, guys.